Just like a birdie  (umm) I just want to fly free. (so high so high) 
And own a piece of land  (umm) somewhere  (somewhere  somewhere  somewhere) 
Somewhere  off in the country. 

(oh  listen) 

Temperatures like a hundred degrees  like I got chains on me. 
Black male in a family of three  been robbed of my destiny. 
Where can I fly away  cause it's to much for the man. 
Shouldn't gone down this way  what happened to my master plan. (oh) 
Cause I can't figure out, I coulda been a love child.( love child) 
Shouldn't gone down this way, 

Tell me how did I get life
Life life, (oh oh yeah, talk to me) life life, life life, (oh oh, how did I 
Get life... tell me) life life, life life, 
Life life, life life, life life (oh oh yeah, oh yeah) 

Oh somebody done done me wrong, done me wrong , eyes to the ceiling all 
Night long. 
(all night long) 
Time is slippin away from me (away from me). and it ain't no tellin when I 
Get home (gotta get home yeah). 

Just about to see the dollar signs, that close to a piece of mind 
Everything was about to be fine

So tell me so how did I get life
Life life, (oh oh oh) life life, life life, (tell me , yeah, I want to know 
Now, now) life life, life life, 
Life life, life life, life life (and you know, and you know, and you know, 
And you know) 

(everything), everything (everything) 
I hoped for (that I hoped for) 
Is gone now, (is gone now) 
Buried in the ground (buried in the ground) 
Hopes and dreams (my hopes and dream) 
And all those things (and all those things) 
I never see (i will never, never, never see) I'll never see 

Sombody gave me life. 
Life life,(yeah, yeah) life life, life life, (yes they did...yeah eh eh eh 
Eh eh eh eh yeah, yeah) life life, life life, (oh yeah)life life, life 
Life, life life (oh you you, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh life somebody gave me 
Life uh uh uh uh uh uh) 
(say it again say it again yeah) 
Life life,oh wee) life life, life life, (oh oh oh oh) life life, life life,
