I hear your far-away voice on the telephone line
Tell me what you think, we'll tear it apart.
Said how about 4,000 miles, and 21 years
Do ya think that's enough for a start.
I'm up to fifteen thousand and holding
Passing time just admiring the view.
But this seat belt is kind of exposin'
Putting pressure on my big love for you.

My big love for you, my big love for you my big, my big, my big, big!
My big love for you, my big love for you my big, my big, my big!
Um Gonna let the hostess think I'm explodin'
Must have finally got this bird on the ground.

Girl, oh girl, if the tank's overloadin' She's weighted and she loves to go down.
She loves to go down, she loves to go down, 
She loves, she loves, she loves. 
Down!
She loves to go down, she loves to go down, 
She loves, she loves, she loves. 
Down!

When I fly her friendly skies 
How I love her big surprise
I will fill your corporate file 
Just give me your free air miles
When I fly the friendly skies 
How I love her big surprise
I will fill your corporate file 
Just give me your free air miles. 
Oh!

I take myself down the aisle to the bathroom
Are you sure that there's room here for two
She says fifteen thousand and holding 
As we talk about my big love for you
Yes we talk about my big, we talk about my big,
We talk about my big love for you
How I love your friendly skies I will fill your corporate file
My big, my big, my big, (big love)

When I fly the friendly skies How I love her big surprise
I will fill your corporate file She loves, she loves, she loves (Big love!)
Hello baby, I just love to fly, fly, fly
I been five days, I been standin' up
Out on my free air miles. (Big love!) 
I got nylon stockings,
I got chocolate bars I got nautilus equipment,
I've got a new Lincoln car, I got oh.
One time I saw Las Vegas.

She loves my big, she loves
I stopped in a motel I stopped in the same room as Jimmy Page, who!
They just finished remodeling it from the '75 tour
I got my free air miles She loves, she loves my big
When I fly the friendly skies 
How I love her big surprise
I will fill your corporate file 
She loves, my big, she loves (big love)!
Free air miles, (big love) 
Free air miles, (big love) 
Free air miles, (big love)!