The way you swing it back and forth you got a playa comin back for more (coming back fo sho) 
Never ever wanna leave you alone that's why I keep comin back for more
They can try it but they ain't the one, that's why you keep comin back for more

Feels so good when I'm on top and hear you screamin'
Something about you, just so right that got me feenin'
I got something that I know you been needin
I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to keep you waitin'

[CHORUS]
Never ever wanna leave you alone that's why I keep comin back for more
They can try it but they ain't the one, that's why I keep comin back for more
It's been a while but I'm at it again, wanna get you on the floor
I'm at your door come and let me in, you got me comin' back for more

Baby, I ain't into teasin.
I'm just into pleasin.
I'll give you what you want
'Cause I wanna keep you smilin
Just like the sun is shinin'
And all the love you give to me
I give it back
Without you I can't take it No!

Every time we get together its so good
All day, all night
Spend it with you if I could
Miss the way you, close your eyes when you feel it
Say my name and tell me what you been missin'!

[CHORUS]

Get ready yo 'cause here I come.
Ain't no denying that I'm the one.
Don't fight the way you feel inside.
Just let it ride.

Baby, I ain't into teasin.
I'm just into pleasin.
I'll give you what you want
'Cause I wanna keep you smilin
Just like the sun is shinin'
And all the love you give to me
I give it back
Without you I can't take it No!

[Rap:]

It's the young whipper snapper, quick to slap the ass of a dame.
In the club and I ain't even ask you your name
By the bar 'n I ain't gotta ask for the change
Buckle up Ma, I'm comin down fast in your lane.
(??) in the Benzo.
No spokes on the motorcycle bike ma like some Lorenzos.
See somethin' nice in the window
I throw the car down like a football spike in the end zone
Depends on if your friends gone
Mami, I'm the one with the jims and the peanut butter timbs
Just ask me when, and I ain't frontin'
We can stunt like Jet Li and Jackie Chan
And I ain't screamin I need space
I gotta brace myself, You drive me crazy like a high speed chase
Me and Shawn got practice, yeeea
But the way you act got a playa comin back for more
Fo' sho'!

[CHORUS]

I'm comin back for more
Whoa, I'm comin', I'm comin' back for more
Yea!

