KRS and Melodie live together with D-Nice and Harmony
Side by side with Rebecca, D-Square, Sidney
BDP!
Yes!

I got a hundred guns two hundred clips
Going to New York, New York
I got a hundred guns two hundred clips
Going to New York, New York

Well
I'm driving my car, cross country
With a hundred guns and about six G
Me driving through a town, me see two cops
They're looking at me funny like they really want stop
Me just turn my head, and gwan on me way
Put hip-hop inna de tape and press play
Me get one block and me hear "Pull over!"
The guns are in the trunk with a thin cover
They ask me for ID, driver's license prefer
Me ask them "Was I breaking any law, officer?"
They said "Oh yes, you passed county line
Niggers in these here parts now is a crime"
I said "Is that so?" and cocked back me nine
Bust two shots inna the bwoy head top
His knees just a-buckle and his body a-drop
Me put the car in drive and me did not stop
When I get to New York I'm gonna set up shop
Bwoy!

I got a hundred guns two hundred clips
Going to New York, New York
I got a hundred guns two hundred clips
Going to New York, New York

Me in a hotel, off 95 North
Everything's fine, and yes me on course
Me walk to a bathroom, take a lickle leak
But right out the window I can hear the cops speak
"We have the place surrounded we're about to move in"
That's when I pick up my nine and just begin
Pump! Pump! Pump! First cop a-hit the ground
Pump! Pump! Pump! Second cop a-go down
Me jump out the window trying not to make a sound
Me run to the car, gunfire all around
I start up the engine, bust the barricade
All because illegally I want to get paid
Pump! Pump! Pump! There goes my tire
Me spun out of control, the car caught on fire
Me jump out the car, put my hands in the air
Cops just surrounding me with pistols everywhere
They put me in the backseat of their car handcuffed
Pushed out them chests like they're big rough and tough
A cop come and said "You'll never sell your guns now"
I said "It doesn't matter, you'll sell them anyhow
You take the guns from me, you sell them for a fee
Any way you put it they'll get in the city"
Hahaha so still

I got a hundred guns two hundred clips
Going to New York, New York
I got a hundred guns two hundred clips
Going to New York, New York

Fire!