Action! Getting Ready for some Action Figure. Put the Word into motion, not only hear that we do that!
I was on my laptop checking on flights to Cancun Chatting over the net like Agassi and Chang do
Then a message on screen from the Action Headquarters
From the office of the Chief upstairs relaying me some orders
I printed out the agenda and instructed process 
It read: Your mission should you choose to accomplish... 
Another job during vacation I'm not hype on going It's halfway around the world and chances are that it's snowing
Can't concentrate...decisions unwise...if I could stay here and think and just re-energize
I'm very hesitant trying to resist compliance And recalled I'm required off duty and on assignment
An op from the Chief who insist to aid folks I need to get to going before my Action title's revoked
Off to lost cities who drown in no hope Feeling the choke but we go to sever the rope
Action! Getting Ready for some Action Figure. Put the Word into motion, not only hear that we do that!
With my leather bond in hand and game plan on DVD 
Under the assumed identity of a black emcee 
No disguise needed 'cause that can cause less stress 

'Cause action Figures dressed up as bats get a whole lot of press
Met my contact at customs, "How do I know its you?" 
Of course the secret password, "Schlavaboghoul" 
The backdrop was set as night hit the foreign nation 
Ready for the intake of sensitive information
If the barrier was language we'll break the code of silence
And amputate what may trigger off their motive for violence
Alluded the bad guys in black hats and cheated danger
'Cause the weaponry I use is holding truth in the chamber
Since I received word in the form of the prophetic
That's my safety latch 'til it's matured cause God said it
The Word is like a bullet that must penetrate the heart
Just to end the present life to let the new one start
Action! Getting Ready for some Action Figure. Put the Word into motion, not only hear that we do that!