We lashing out at you
You think you 'bout it we 'bout it too
Only difference is my clout is too massive
We active when actors give knowledge to anybody we close to
I'll approach you with the woop-wop that'll soak you (so true)
Already be so much (we go through)
Now we gotta rid you in the (MO zoo)
This is tribal
Stick his rival, in the mouth with a right blow
Then he get this pyro
Young punk better lie low somewhere prolly up in Cairo
With a Bible when a psycho
Wanna give a hit a light pole
When the knife go with the quickness
You so full of bitchness
You trip flipping on chicks but a b-boy make him wanna shit bricks
This is vicious, everything out yo lips is fictitious, hehe
Misses made me mad as Mozzy, huh
Man the motive must've been made of molly, huh
Man I Maximize a mess with a mind of Malcolm X
And a martyr man whose mom is Maude, huh
Better be cool, I'ma lead you to the B fools that'll greet you
With a blacca, blacca, blacca leave you in the coffin often talkin' fecal
I'm a grown mane, taking this with no shame
Really wanna have no brains, step foot into my domain, no games
All of my children are grown and I'm feeling they love me but don't really like me
I'm illing I'm no longer locked in a marriage I'm careless
So anyone of my loved ones you funk and I'll inherit
This is my fury, f*ck being in zooty I tried that
Never keep a gun in my lap
Talking so cheap and
When I don't end with the grieving I'm ready for the battle bring it on this evening

Comin' at me wrong is Bad Juju!
You betta not make me Soo-Woo you!
So you best better go run, tell your crew
Do somethin' new-new
And it better be habari gani ndugu!
Don't make me fight y'all
The fully gon' bite y'all
Ears ringing like sixty gun night ball
Yeah, spraying like Lysol
You know when I let night fall, light off!

This be the entry of this B
But none of these pyramids chicks be
Plus I be hella open tell a pyramid is Giza
Dip please 'cause I'm kung fu
Don't you hit me 'til I move move
Better quit beef end the dissing
And then I dip I shoot you
On a head of Cohiba I go cuckoo
Or poo poo like a shit fever
I don't wanna take a tip neither
The MC's I'm a grim reaper
So anybody coming at me tripping like he wanna run a war with an in visa
But the bully get to pulling everybody hard like he had a chip reader
This is Iso, big dick psycho, smash this chick and this guy like a kick flip, primal
They don't wanna see me rocking with Tech N9ne no
Yeah I know could've been backwards thinking Tech signed Iso (what you price bro?)
Get it big like Bruce Bruce me me me
I jail boof you, hit it hella hard
He'll have more clips in it than Hulu
Who knew me and Tech would get to chopping MC's like couscous 
If you think you fucking with ball up your opinion and shove it up your poop-shoot 'cause

Comin' at me wrong is Bad Juju!
You betta not make me Soo-Woo you!
So you best better go run, tell your crew
Do somethin' new-new
And it better be habari gani ndugu!
Don't make me fight y'all
The fully gon' bite y'all
Ears ringing like sixty gun night ball
Yeah, nigga like Lysol
You know when I let night fall, light off!

This could be federal
Take me for feeding you several (Don't do it Tech)
I'm on a pedestal
Should I come down or let it go? (Just let it go)
This could be federal
Take me for feeding you several (Don't do it Tech)
I'm on a pedestal
Should I come down or just let it go?
Don't make me fight y'all
Sixty gun night ball
Yeah, nigga like Lysol
Night fall, lights off!