Jay Z this, Jay Z that, Jay Z this, Jay Z that
Jay Z that, Jay Z this, get off Jay Z's dick
What y'all niggas get front page articles
Y'all mention Jay Z name

This thing on? Jay Z, Jay Z, in Jay Z news
I understand what y'all tryin' to do
I brought the flutes this time, though
Unleash the flutes on them, Guru

Gimme some more music in the headphone
Let's get the proceedings proceedin' this evenin'
Let's do this thing
Let's do it right this time, c'mon

H.O.V.A
I got my mojo back, baby, oh, behave
Naw, naw, don't be afraid
Y'all an' your articles, hard to spit at Jay

y'all from a far threw thoughts my way
What you thought, I would not have nothin' to say? Nope
Y'all fell into the booby trap
I set the trap just to see dude react, an' now

An' now you'se can't leave
You opened the door, God, I'm at you annually
An' I'm sorry Miss Rosie Perez
I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is

But you can't give cred to anythin' dude says
Same dude to give you ice an' you owe him some head
Shorty, it's time to wake up the dead
You sound a little naive in them articles that I read

H.O.V.A.
The blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H.O.V.A.
I got my mojo back, baby, oh, behave

H.O.V.A.
The blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H.O.V.A.
I got my mojo back, baby, oh, behave

Can't y'all see that he's fake? The rap version of TD Jakes
Prophesizin' on your CDs an' tapes
Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes
An' this is with whom you want to place your faith?

I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine
When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line
Donatin' proceeds off every ticket sold
When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no?

Ain't I supposed to be absorbed myself?
Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help
They call me this misogynist, but they don't call me the dude
To take his dollars to give gifts at the projects

These dudes is all politics, depositin' checks
They put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lotta lip
An' y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype
Cause the nigga wear a coofie, it don't mean that he bright

Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice
It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write
Is it 'Oochie Wally Wally' or is it 'One Mic'?
Is it 'Black Girl Lost' or shorty owe you for ice?

I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit
Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat
But I will not lose, for even in defeat
There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens it up for me

When the grass is cut, the snakes will show
I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that though
Savin' me the hassle of speakin' to half of these assholes
An' I'm a let karma catch up to Jaz O, whoa

See I'm back before you had a chance to miss me
My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history
Who you know flow vicious as me?
Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov

I get the spoils 'cause the victor is me
You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be
The street dreamin', all y'all niggas livin' through me
I gave you life when niggas was forgettin' you emcee

I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me
You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee
I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen, God, you a flea
An' the little homey Jungle is a garden to me

What's the problem be? You not as hard as me
Nigga hard as we, nigga, ROC, nigga
That's why they follow me
They feel my pain an' my agony, nigga

I won't rest till you on one knee
You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga
Until you on one knee
You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga

H.O.V.A.
The blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H.O.V.A.
I got my mojo back, baby, oh, behave

H.O.V.A.
The blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H.O.V.A.
I got my mojo back, baby, oh, behave