I walk around Town with my pound strapped down to my side 
No frontin' just in case I gotta smoke some 
Around here heads don't act their age 
Ya might be another dead Boy on the front page 
Enter the cipher, with ya lighter 
El's are ready prepare to run another all-nighter 
But keep watch for the Cops 'cause they rock glocks 
Comin' on the block tryin' to rock knots 
Pigs be actin' like they bigga than us niggas from da streets 
'Cause we stalk mad deep when they walk beats 
I guess they hold a grudge 'cause I won't budge 
Playin' tough, starin' down da Judge with my hands cuffed 
Standing there with my nappy hair and my dirty gear, aw yeah 
Now I'm up outta here 
Pigs look me up and down with a frown 
Is it 'cause I'm brown or is it I'm from Bucktown? 

[Repeat: x8]
Bucktown! Home of da original gun clappers! 

Got five MC's that want to come test we 
Got ya nooses hangin' over da trees 
Bring on your sounds Kid, drown by my massive 
Kill your body Boy and take your lover for hostage. 
Knock knock, maybe not the four shots empty 
On the violator that was sent out to get me 
I'm tore up from the floor up and everything's black 
But still I'm on point ready to buck, ain't nothin' sweet Jack 
Bucktown, I represent it on the love love 
Deeply rooted from my Tims to by dick above 
Don't sweat the bulge comin' from my hip 
Grip what ya did hit when I let my tool click 
Nowhere to run, ambush lurks in the dark 
Helter Skelter smirks while you're gettin torn apart 
Here come the Rude Boys with the ganja plants 
Smif-N-Wesson and I roll with the Boot Camp 

[Repeat: x7]
Bucktown! Home of da original gun clappers! 

Home of da original,
Home of da original,
Bucktown! Home of da original gun clappers! 

Another murderer, just another prankster 
Rude Boy dead 'cause he thought he was a gangsta 
Tried ta live da life of a hood from the streets 
Test da wrong dread, now I'm in eternal sleep 
Mr. Ripper I lurk in da sky 
Twist da ganja 'cause I want ta get high 
With my brethren, a buddha session 
Learn ya lesson 
Or get blasted by Mr. Smif or Mr. Wessun 

Bucktown's everywhere I swear 
It's clear to me 
You feel the weed, now I really see 
Night falls around the way 
Original heads come out to play 
Puff herb, break day 
It's just a regular, everyday state of being I 
Mind holds the weight, rhymes free the mind in time 
I find reality follows me where I roam 
360 degrees back home in

[Repeat: x8]
Bucktown! Home of da original gun clappers!