Your clothes all torn and your face is dirty
Eighteen years old lookin' like you're thirty, ha ha ha ha ha ha

Yo listen, listen, Kid can we say, uh, "make a little love now
Make a little love now, the house party's at the fun house"

How 'bout, "the party's at the fun house"?
Alright, um, um, yeah, "this party's at the fun, this party's at the fun house"

I don't know about that

Alright y'all, could you, could you be quiet for a minute, alright?
Wiz, turn it down Dukes
Hey, could y'all please shut up?
Wiz, chill
Yo, Play got something to say

Alright yo, alright yo
Let's get this together 'cause it ain't gon' last forever
You know what I'm saying?
Yo, yo, man, don't trash my place
Hey yo, Herb
Bass

Oh, ooh, yeah
Oh, ooh, yeah

They come from miles around to check out the sound
Watch the walls come tumbling down
Kid 'n Play is the perfect team
Now it's time to let off some steam
Don't be bashful now, don't be shy
This ain't no time for you to wonder why
You're not on the floor with someone else?
Don't blame us, blame yourself
You ain't got the guts to get with it
The time is now Dukes, just admit, this is the perfect situation to take a chance in
'Cause this is the house that we dance in

Do a little dance y'all (like this y'all, like that y'all)
Feel the groove (I feel it, I feel it now)
Make a little love now (ooh ah ooh ooh ooh ah) 
This party's at the fun house (this party's at the fun house)

Now just go, let the beat flow
Not you Crow, I don't want to come see your freak show flow
Smooth not slow, be a dynamo
Kid 'n Play says so and yo
Let's flip when the beat rips
Wiz got a gift and we got the tune to shoot it
Your place or mine? Anywhere's just fine
And when you're in the mood to unwind and find a good time
I'm looking for a great time
If that's too much to ask then I'll pass
Let's settle for a nice time
Anytime's the right time for a Kid 'n Play rhyme
Right here, just fine

Do a little dance y'all (like this y'all, like that y'all)
Feel the groove (I feel it, I feel it now)
Make a little love now (ooh ah ooh ooh ooh ah)
This party's at the fun house (this party's at the fun house)
Keep on singing, keep on singing
Keep on singing, keep on singing
Keep on singing, keep on singing 
This party's at the fun house (this party's at the fun house)

Only a few moments left to step
So you're best to step to her
It's your last chance to do her
You, uh, wanted to know what the good life is?
Beats by Herb, Rhymes, Kid 'n Play and cuts by Wiz
Just hype it up for this here crowd
With moves that would make friends stay proud
Last call for alcohol at the jamboree
Just get off the walls and jam for me
Just rock when the beat drops
Watch the clock, it's almost time to close up shop
But we got to hip hop harder
Wiz, you and Stan, look out for my father
Kid, make sure ain't nothing been broken
Last record y'all and I'm hoping we don't get caught because I know her
If mom finds out, I'm over

Do a little dance y'all (like this y'all, like that ya'll)
Feel the groove (I feel it, I feel it now)
Make a little love now (ooh ah ooh ooh ooh ah)
Buck whylin' at the fun house (buck whylin' at the fun house)

Do a little dance y'all (like this y'all, like that y'all)
Feel the groove (I feel it, I feel it now)
Make a little love now (ooh ah ooh ooh ooh ah)
This party's at the fun house (this party's at the fun house)

Do a little dance y'all 
Feel the groove 
Make a little love now
Buck whylin' at the fun house (buck whylin' at the fun house)

Keep on singing, keep on singing 
Keep on singing, keep on singing (like this y'all, like that y'all)
Keep on singing, keep on singing 
Keep on singing, keep on singing (I feel it, I feel it y'all)
Keep on singing, keep on singing 
Keep on singing, keep on singing (Ooh ah ooh ooh ooh ah)
Keep on singing, keep on singing 
Keep on singing, keep on singing (this party's at the fun house)

I didn't do this
Yo, yo, what you, why?
Who messed up that last line?
You? Was it you? Was it you?
It was me
Misery (why)
MiseReid
Don't be shy, boy
Help, help
Yo play
Play's convulsing on the floor
Oh shit
Help, help
What's up, Herb?