Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

I'm back and I'm stuck up in this bitch (who dat?)
Me bitch (who dat?)
The Brooklyn thug, what the f*ck you see bitch?
I'm known for regulatin' this game, f*ck a critic
'Cause when I'm spittin', I'ma split your shitit
When I aim, yo you try to get a name
But ain't, provin' a thang
I'm still doin' my thang,(go head) bells they still ring (uh huh)
Now who the lame that wan' tango with lil fame
Step in the ring and I'll break yo' ass up like mills lane
(Ah!) how you like me now?
That "kool moe p" shit, nigga, put it down
Yo I need a silencer gat, shit too loud
When that bitch start to holla, nigga do child
Made the church people on your block want to move out
I bump off and I dump off, and a nigga cool out
Why? 'cause when we in the place with the guns in our waist
We don't say put your hands up, niggas stand up
You gotta get it, 'cause you now listen
Dump off your body 'til your whole family die fishin'?
The street mayor, ghetto street playa'
Hit your hooker with this heavy dick meat playa' ass cheek flare
F*ck the fame!, I agree f*ck the fame
But I got four words for ya, don't f*ck with fame
'Cause I'm a machine gun Kelley, clappa dude
Write my name across your belly, yap a dude!
Ain't no escapin' these streets I'm raised in
It's so amazin', we still blazin'
Ain't no savin' yo' ass from hell raisin
They be strippin your cantelope off the pavement
Wit' yo' wig split in half and your chest caved in
So walk on the green, I'ma cut yo' ass down if you walk in between
So listen up and hear me boy, I'm the American (slash!) pretty boy

First fam, ridiculous
Violaters try to get with us, we quick to bust
Them false dudes can't get wit' us
Hoes grillin' 'cause we too tough, too real, too raw, too rough
First fam, ridiculous
Fools try to move but them fools can't get wit' us
'Cause we holdin', blastin', lowlin', blastin', strollin', trashin', rollin',
Mashin'!

I done figured it out (what's that?)
They don't want us to shine (true)
You lost your mind if you thought I tossed my iron
I still got it, for when I'm facin' situations like this
You dissin'? I'm hittin'
Listen, is it me or the industry to understand
I'm a whole different breed of man
Bill danze, Brownsville, Bronx
And I'm servin' double and single shots on the rocks, nigga (ah!)
What! who gon' tame me
I'm a back block nigga and can't, nobody change me
You can look at me strangely
Keep yappin' at your dogs if I go up in your mouth, don't blame me
First family trainee, take what's mine
'99 is my time to shine, that's that
(Take it easy) f*ck that, I'm ready yo
I refuse to dilute jewels for you fools on this radio
Fizzy wo', (suckas never played us)
They can't fade us, they hate us, they anus
In fact when you touch 'em face to face, they stay in they place
They know I'm slayed up from the right side left five in one fist
Shut up! shut up! now you want to show love
You hear the soft music in the background it's your brain on slugs
Now, it's a dirty job but somebody gotta do it
So I crept up, stepped up, got to it (fire!)

First fam', ridiculous
Violaters try to get with us, we quick to bust
Them false dudes can't get wit' us
Hoes grillin' 'cause we too tough, too real, too raw, too rough
First fam, ridiculous
Fools try to move but them fools can't get wit' us
'Cause we holdin', blastin', lowlin', blastin', strollin', trashin', rollin',
Mashin'!