10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 

Never scared to be different, the impossibles put into existence. 
For instance, this is me. What did you expect from the 5th LP? 
Gone for a minute now I'm back again. 
Back to back, back to break backs again. 
Put'em in the back seat of the 'lac again, and rip off the Magnam packagin'. 
What's happening I'm looking for some girls gone wild.(gone wild)
I'm just trying to make these girls all smile(all smile). 
And I'm gonna make'em dance, 
So I could see them shake they ass, 
Then I put'em in a trance, 
Till I get'em out they pants. 
Then I'll take'em to a level they might've never been before, 
We goin' hit the door. And then hit the floor, you'll get hit below. 
I got somebody I want you to get ta know. 
ME. Feel this like Jack the Ripper, 
Hip hop needs help so I'm back to flip her. 
Flip her on her back 
Cause I'm back to stick her and throw up on the track 
Like it's full of liquor. 

[Chorus]
You felling kinda warm, like you was having (sex) 
You wetter than a storm like you was taking (X) 
Your mood intensifies, it's time for a surprise, 
So baby close your eyes, get ready for what's(next) 

You looking at raps most consistent, man whatever they can't do I can. 
What they want to be in the future I am, a hip-hop mogul's right where I stand. 
Goddam I'm good, stretch another limit to music I should, 
Do it like I know and how only I could. 
Do it like a pro and how only I would. 
Still I'm looking for some girls gone wild.(gone wild)
I'm just trying to make these girls all smile(all smile). 
And I'm gonna pour petron, till I get'em in the zone, 
And I'll get 'em all alone, till I make 'em wanna bone. 
Then I'll take'em to a level they might've never been before, 
We goin' hit the door. And then hit the floor, you'll get hit below.
I got somebody I want you to get ta know. 
ME. L-you to the D-A-see to the are-I-S and yeah that's me. 
The gift to read minds got ESP. Hottest thing on the go since PSP. 

[Chorus]

Wow, MC's, I bake'em. Put me in a circle of homies and I'ma break'em. 
Might've took your brain a minute to process. 
Could take the whole game a minute to top this. 
Just figured out that I'm ahead of my time, wit a flow so fast I'm ahead of my rhyme. 
Ya clock is off beat, better set it to mine. 
With a 6 year run havin' a helluva time. 
Cause I'm always looking for some girls gone wild.(gone wild)
I'm just trying to make these girls all smile(all smile). 
And I'm gonna get high, till I make'em touch the sky, 
Then I make'em wonder why, why why am I so fly? 
Cause I took'em to a level they might've never been before, 
We goin' hit the door. And then hit the floor, you'll get hit below. 
I got somebody I want you to get ta know, me
A millionaire with extra paper. 
If you haven't heard go and ask your neighbor. 
I'm like hot sauce with extra flavor, 
So put it on your tongue for your mouth to savor. 

[Chorus]