P, P.Crakk Cocaine
Be, B.Mack is back
Chad, Chad what's on track?

I gotta have it, shot out to my be-boy Beans
And my S.P.chain gang, doin' the damn thing
I gotta have it, don't forget my boogie with beam
That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean?

Chain gang, gang bang, let my middle finger hang
Ain't nothin' changed my name, P. Crakk Cocaine
Relapse, I stay zapped, my urine ain't clean
No one to blame but Peedi and a nigga I mean

Ten stacks, Crakk come to the club and do the thing
You ain't got that, I'm in the crib fixin' my bricks
Style back, that's the method-zine
About to get your four stressed
So I can whip back on the whole sixteenth

I gotta have it, shot out to my be-boy Beans
And my S.P. chain gang, doing the damn thing
I gotta have it, don't forget my boogie with beam
That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean?

B. Mack, seat back, S.P. intact
You see me with Crakk, we strapped
What's the reason for that?
I need that, that Philly boy clap
Hit you niggas in your back, send the rest in your hat

Stay strapped with the Mack, with the 32 tall stack
The aim all that, when I flame you get all that
Be-Boy Mack f*ck with cracks since tall cats
It?s the Chain Gang, Bang Bang I suggest ya?ll fall back

I gotta have it, shot out to my boy B. Sige
And the S.P.chain gang for doin' the damn thing
I gotta have it, don't forget the are-are-ring are-are-ring
That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean?

Chain gang, lickey with the ban
Quickly spit it are-are-ring
Sickey Rickey get his ziggy bang
Snitchin' on the gang

Don't forget you get that Uncle Midi
Get him for his chain
Simply give him a chitty bang, sit him in a cling
No name, no blame, Mack 10 no aim

Hi-lo, rhino, put your body in pain
No play no games, 'fore blow your brain
Bo range me after the show, you know
Of course I gotta have my

I gotta have it, shot out to my be-boy Beans
And my S.P. chain gang, doin' the damn thing
I gotta have it, don't forget my boogie with beam
That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean?

State Prop click and pop hit you niggas with the glock
Catch a nigga whippin' in the kitchen cookin' in the pot
Pursue it then might crack you, hit him with the glock
When you hear that, then you know here come the cops

Hold up, wait, stop, f*ck the cops
Got the baby Uzi whop, turn your cruiser to a drop
Get off the block 'fore SWAT surround the spot
We be locked in a box, three hots and a cot

I can't have it, shot out to my boy B. Sige
And the S.P.chain gang for doin' the damn thing
I gotta have it, don't forget the are-are-ring are-are-ring
That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean?

The mayor of Shot, this ain't England ain't no kings and queens
Feelin' heard from us want to jerk and bust, we Merciless like Ming
Twista and Beanie greedy like Peedi make the gun go are-are-ring
When you look at the thing, give me the bling
Hand me the chain and the ring

Ballin' in the bubble, blow a bubble, always actin' up
When trouble feel the double barrel of a double platinum thug
Clappin', ready for some action, and I'm going to empty the crib
I rep for the Roc and the State Property clique
Homey, you can't do shit

Throw a finger up, give me love, Remi in the club
When they see these thug, in a circle, snip the 50's up
Range Rove, 24 inch, blacked out bulbs
Blows fast, but hit your ho slow with the soul pole

Creepin' on niggas tryin' to test me in the black drop top
Pull up and let the bopper go bop, bop-bop
Treat you, in the wind, to my borough, blowin' on my back
And do the same to any nigga that's tryin' take what I got
I can't have it

It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic
It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic
It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic
It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic

Se pone?, Se pone?, Se pone muy dificil
Se pone?, Se pone?, Se pone muy dificil
Se pone?, Se pone?, Se pone muy dificil
Se pone?, Se pone?, Se pone muy dificil

Chain gang, gang bang
P, P, P, P Crakk Cocaine
Be, be Mack is back
Chad, Chad what's on track?
Now let's go
