Knee deep in that water, need a surfboard
Wipe them tears off your face, what you cryin' for?
What the hell, what the hell are you mad for?
What, what are, you mad for?
Tell me baby, what are you mad for?
Wipe them tears off your face, what you sad for?
I give you everything you ask for
So tell me why the hell are you mad for?

Wipe them tears off your eyes, stop crying
When you're not by my side, feel like I'm dying
I, ooh ooh, oh my
She say she love me 'cause she heard that Slangin' Iron
Oh go brazy, ooh my baby, she so cute, mmh
Oh go crazy, that's my boo-boo in a Maserati, mmh
I got niggas 'round me and you know they 'bout to body, mmh
Any bitch whoever disrespect anything 'bout me
VVS on your neck and it's so fire
Uh, smokin' LOL, I am so high
Think that I need a dry cleaner
All these bitches wet when they see my demeanor
Pull up with a stick, let it go at your fade
Fuckin' with my niggas, bet your ass get a raid
YNW, we finna walk through the place
Everywhere we go, we trash you like a fuckin' disgrace
I been in and out of states, I be all around the world
I done seen a whole lot of boys and girls
Who screamin' out they love me
So tell me why you ain't ridin' for me

What the hell, what the hell is you mad for?
Wipe them tears off your face, what you sad for?
Wipe them tears off your eyes, stop crying
When I'm not around you, feel like I'm dying

You can see it in your face when you're lying
Tick, pick up your chin, what is wrong with you?
Ooh, matter fact, uh, on you
Want you, girl what's goin' on with you?
Keep sayin' no, girl I'm gon' make a song with you

Ayy bae, come here
Ayy, right here
I can't, I'm scared
You scared, huh
What the f*ck you mean you scared man?
You know the track, you know the track
I'm scared
Alright say it's Lil Reebee, it's Lil Reebee
And f*ck that, I can't rap, f*ck that
No, no
C'mon baby
I can't do this
I might keep that
Tell me what the hell you mad for, mwah
I love you bae
I said I love you bae
I love you too
No you don't, get out my face
I am you