Chorus: (Sung by a woman) 
We'll never part (through) sickness and health 
You are my heart 
I love you more than I love myself 
But in the middle of the night 
I heard you cryin' in your sleep 
It'll be all right  I'll be there for you 
If you tell me all your secrets 
Yet in the middle of the night 
I heard you cryin' in your sleep I held you tight 
I'll be there for you...... 
If you tell me all your secrets 
Verse 1: Canibus 
Aye Yo! 
Boy meets girl, boy really likes her 
Boy loses contact with girl but he finds her 
Girl has no clue that boy is a liar, and he has no honor. 
So she dates him regardless, 'cause she thought he was harmless 
And he had her believing' he was the man she wanted. 
To spend the rest of her life with. The words "I love you" are 
Priceless, unpredictable like rollin' dices. 
Nonetheless in spite of the fright 
And repercussions you might get people still risk they necks. 
Of course it's nice the feelin' of courtship 
Roses and stuff, women never get it often enough. 
And the reason people love they mother so much 
Besides the fact she carried you for nine months, is trust. 
It's a five letter word, that should only occur between him and her 
Before the bees and the birds...word! 
Chorus 1x 
Verse 2: Canibus 
Aye Yo! 
I heard a soft moan in the middle of March, 
Then I felt a powerful force push me forward like a dart. 
On your mark, get set, GO! 
I was off, flagella was my propellor wiggling back and forth. 
Then I set across for the border, Mother Nature's ?comma? 
Calling me to the rock of Gibraltar. 
The compitition tried to be smart but I was smarter. 
My competitors was swimmin' fast so I swam harder. 
Submerged in water, prayin' to my heavenly father 
If I don't make it through I'm a "goner." 
Screaming out death before this honor, because I'm awesomely 
Stronger, my stamina last longer. I was destined to be a son 
Instead of a daughter, XY is the male chromosomal order. 
One'll stay alive, and survive, the rest'll be dead 
'cause I'm a be the one to fertilize that egg (echoes out) 
Chorus: (Sung by a woman) 
In the middle of the night 
I heard you cryin' in your sleep I held you tight 
I'll be there for you.... 
If you tell me all your secrets. 
Verse 3: Canibus 
Aye Yo! 
Mommy I'm up in your stomach, buggin'. Whenever you 
Rub it, I love it like a comforters covers you warm as a oven. 
Your husband...stubborn, how can you love him. 
Smokin' cigarettes by the dozen when he knows that I'm comin'. 
Bad move, you hopin' that daddy improves. 
Knowin' in your heart that's bull, because he's too cruel. 
You've been abused, used, you got wounds and scars. 
Stick with your mind not with your heart, let's go to grandma's. 
Terminate the lease call the landlord. Give your job two weeks notice 
Pack up the car, and go to New York. What part. 
They got a little borough called The Bronx, Mom.. 
And I heard that's where hip-hop is gonna start. 
Yeah, I think we need to be right there. Four months 
In your stomach and I already chose a career. When you cry 
I hear, and I wish I could dry your tears, but I can't 'cause I'm stuck 
in here. 
Five months from being able to lay against your chest 
I can't even hold you in my arms, 'cause they ain't developed yet. 
But I swear to you, as the God Almighty Truth 
I'm a be there for you 
I'm a be there for you. 
Chorus to fade