G Mix! For kings only! Beeyotch! 
(Right about now! Heh heh heh heh!)
G Mix! (H-O!) Yeah! (Ho-Va!)
Snoop Dogg and Hov! (That's right!)
(Ho-Va!) (Ho-Va!)
They say you can't spell the west without the E-S!
(Uh huh! That's right!) 

[Chorus]
(It takes two)
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
(I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
(Real kings man!) (Right! Right!)
(Aye yo Jigga!) (R-r-right now!)
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
(I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
(I want you take off in this track man!)
(Ok Snoop) (Like only you can, you dig what I'm sayin!)

Hol' up, I wanna rock right now
My name is Hov and I came to shake the town
Yeah, ya boy's internationally known
But I'm from the hood, got a pocket full of stones (stones)
I used to cop (Rob Base), turn it into (Easy rock)
Just to stay (Doug E. Fresh), all that shit to easy rock
Used to (Chef Raekwon), give fiends a (Ghostface)
Y'all know my (Forte), I just might catch a dope case
Ugh! I (Mastered) the (P)
with connects in the Midwest, so I'm (Heavy) in the (D)
Ugh! Ya boy still (Snoop) around
Since a pup, I been (Kurupt) and I f*ck with (Tha Dogg Pound)
Ugh! Roc Nation is the gang now
Some dope lyrics is the only thing I slang now
(I Get the Job Done), I put the (Kane) down
It's no (Biggie) heh, I'm just a king now

(It takes two)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Woo we! It's a problem!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Fa Shigga dow! Good lookin' out Hov! Ha Ha! And you do know that!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right naow (Snoop! Dogg!)
(Two thousand ten! Big Snoop Dogg at it again!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!) (Malice N Wonderland!)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now

G Mix! I was a fiend, before I became a teen
I melted cabbage sacks instead of cones of ice cream
Crime orientated that's how the west was originated
Fitted like pieces of puzzle, complicated
I dropped the sack and tried to rap hits y'all
They tried to bang on me, and say that I'm too small
Cool! Cause I don't get upset
I call the king of the east catch a flight then I jet
Right back to the west, where my niggas is at
Scoop the gilly put it back on the map
Like this like that while you rollin' a bag
Loadin' ya gat, pop pop, I'm holdin' ya back
I'm like the Whopper f*ck the big mack!
Run up on the dog my gat go click clack
And that's fo' sho! 
The reason why, man I don't know so let's go 'cause

(It Takes Two)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)

Boss Dogg chillin', lookin' like a million
Yeah, nigga got it, I'ma leave it to my chil'ren
Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby lovin' it
Hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt
I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as f*ck, boy!
Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy
I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm workin'
I got the party goin, and it's jerkin
My niggas all long, we rollin' out deck
Hoes gettin' in, you betta' pick a bitch
'Cause when I shut it down, the party's over wit
She call me Superman, I'm on my (Soulja) shit (You!)
Boss Dogg, get 'em, I sick 'em and take 'em home
West Coast bitch, I'm on my fuckin throne
I'm giggin' on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos

(It takes two)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I Wanna rock right now