[Chorus]
People always talkin 'bout. 
(I'm what, say what? I'm what, say what?)
You're a hustler .
(I'm what, say what? I'm what, say what?)
I don't care what the others think, 
Just be straight with me, (I'm what say what?)

Huh? Huh? Huh? 
I know I take chances to make sure I'm sittin' tight.
Do I get how I live, sometimes I don't get it right.
My gold and platinum plaques make you know what we did.
Have the whole world wonderin' what Silkk The Shocker, Master P did.
See it ain't no limit, it's only the beginnin'.
Why? 'Cuz all y'all want us to fall, and hit the wall.
It'll only take a minute, an' see I gets the bomb tree.
Beats by the Pound shit, it sound sick, rolex, and baguettes all.
I take this out the ghetto an' live up on top.
Akin flights, an shoppin' sprees, on 5-0-4 yachts.
See, money don't change me, make me live a lil' bit good.
Took some of my family members, an' my homies out the hood.
See, we ghetto millionaires, far away when we meet.
I think they watched us, P, 'cuz about when we speak.
See I'm too deep to change, everybody know my name.
I guess I gotta charge it to da game.

[Chorus]

Ugh! Green money, I like to count, honey.
My only bad habit that I like to sell B's, honey.
We hot, check the Billboard spot.
Twenty-four g's an' P's to make a club rock.
Now they violent, gotta get it rowdy.
Peep game gotta Benz, Lex Luger in or out it.
Don't hate me, the money don't make me.
It's gonna take two hundred million just to break me,
'Cuz I'm a soldier, I thought I told ya.
I like that doja, but hate the rollers.
Crystal, greed, an hinace, got cream. 
Makes a brother in a Bentley, from the ghetto.
There ain't no limit 'cuz we livin' large.
Bought a rolex, a yacht, with a gold card.
You done lately, your girl wanna date me, in my grill.
For, Ugh, an' I'm straight g.

[Chorus]

I guess they call me a hustler, 'cuz of the fast livin'.
But if I see somethin' I gotta get it, because I have vision.
An' if I like it, I gotta get, if I saw it.
Went from, over the shows, over the doors,
House full of floors that's marble, a brand new Ferrari.
Parked it, when I bought it, see, I'm a no limit soldier.
An' I came to get it started, what you, what you think?
I'm all about my bank, tryin' to be a multi-millionaire.
Before I'm old enough to drink, now we can ride, bro.  No lie, bro.
See, nobody be here beside us, so go ahead an fire it up.
Some girls wanna perk it, my homies like to work it.
Soldiers from Texas, all the way to Jersey.
Tick to the tock, all around the clock.
From the north, to the south, 
To the east, to the west, it just don't stop.
So to all my real g's, throw them up high,
To all the ballers that have the corks of Crystal, let it fly.
That's how we live.

[Chorus]

No Limit, say what? I'm what?  Say what? 
New Orleans, say what? I'm what?  Say what? 
South side, say what? Ugh! I'm what?  Say what?
East side, say what? I'm what?  Say what?
West coast, say what? I'm what?  Say what?
North side, say what? I'm what?  Say what?
Silkk The Shocker, say what? I'm what?  Say what?
No Limitc say what? I'm what?  Say what?
Ha ha, playas, congratulate. 
Ain't no hatin' on this side.  Where the money at? 
That's what hustlin' is about, you heard me? 
Master P, Silkk The Shocker, hustlin' till the izend. 
Movin' thangs how we get it, we gonna get it, how we livin'.