You can't imitate me on this fuckin' tape
You ain't ringing the bell I'm ready when you are

You ain't ringing the bell
You ain't busting the grape
You ain't imitating me on this fuckin' tape

I'm tellin' you bitch ass niggas
If y'all don't fuckin'
If y'all colored bitch ass faggot punk ass motherfuckers
Don't see that these white people are trying to take over your shit
Don't worry, your baby's happy the Ol' Dirty Bastard is here
Your baby happy I'm here
To beat the shit out of all you faggot punk ass motherfuckers
Bitch ass niggas!

I shut whole fuckin' world down
You white motherfuckers could never, ever take over
You can't ever take over!
You shut the f*ck up and you shut the f*ck up
That's what the f*ck you do!
(Could I get a beer, yo I need some beer)

You ain't using your phone, you ain't callin' the cops
Cause nigga I'm the only king of the block
I'm the only black god, motherfucker!
And I came to rock the spot
When I throw at football pass at a bitch she miss
Ain't trying to be funny gonna use my fist
You can't use the family feud
You can't run it on a cucko
You bring shame, I'll keep Ol' Dirty safe
Not locked up, cause I'll have your fuckin' ass locked up!
I'll stash you, lickin' you down, light that blunt!
You ain't gettin' one,two I do what I want!
If I got a problem, a problems got a problem til it's gone
I'm the only Unique Ason
You reap what you sew
Fuckin' with the O
I got the precinct locked down
You ain't using the po-po
F*ck you Soso
I got the keys to your hoe
I'll stop your whole flow, all you bitches roll
Would be from the ghetto
You want me to control
This fuckin' show
Give Ol' Dirty what he want and mo!
Time stops you'll go
Mafia slow!
Time'll stop you'll go
Mafia! Pay me all my motherfucking money
Or I'ma slow down your dough!

Jesus I'm rollin with you

You'll all be in danger
You'll have a sex changer
I'm gettin' more anger call me Dr. Stranger
I master the demon demonic toys
Sting you with the venom kill your joy!
Bitches throw hands in the air like to be sodomized
That's what I'm here for!
That's what I'm all about!
I get girls and I'll they want to give is a good f*ck from me
Oh baby
Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa
I control Michael Jackson's Thriller
Catch him and ruuhhahaha
F*ck with the guys that'll make you shrug
I'm the only original
F*ck you chump!
Shut the f*ck up!

Yo did you understand that?