Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Who buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll f*ck your ass up!

(Yo hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now?
Don't f*ck the style, ruthless wild
Do you wanna get your teeth knocked the f*ck out?
Wanna get on it like that, well then shout

Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor
Gunning, humming coming at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got niggas resigning, now master
My style? Never!
I put the fucking buck in the wild kid, I'm terror
Razor sharp, I sever
The head from the shoulders, I'm better, than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Who buck wild with the trigger

I react so thick, I'm phat and yo
Rae came blowing and blew off your headphones black
Rap from yo Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet and I bet you're not a fucking vet
So, when you see me on the real, forming like Voltron
Remember I got deep like a Navy Seal

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Who buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll f*ck your ass up! 
Yo

I come with that ol' loco, style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be acting like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play, yay"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for you
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang, rah!
Here comes the Tiger verse Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me chump, you get dumped
Wu is coming through at a theatre near you
And get funk like a shoe
What?