It's a long day Friday
It's like movin' all this weight
Got Xzibit up tight, right
Partner came through with two white boys (Dude)
Talkin' noise bout a hot spot
Where bitches come alone and niggas don't cock block
Let the top drop
And we out, hit the liquor store
Give me O.E. And three blunts no, make it four
Anything else? (Vitamin C pills and orange juice)
What are you drinking, Gin? (Nah dude, it's the shroomz)
The shroomz?
Yeah, that's some other shit
One of the reasons why George Clinton sees the mothership
How high it make you get? Fucked up? Throwing up guts?
Or do it have you stuck with soft dick and can't f*ck? Hold up

Now chew 'em up and slam the orange juice
Vitamin C chase, kill the taste
You can tell it's nasty by the look on my face
Don't get it twisted like a nigga coked up
And druggied down, see Cannabis and mushrooms 
Be coming from the ground, all natural
Post it at the club, looking funny-style
Tight slack, pimp feather hat, where the bitches at? 
Yeah we giving orders at the bar holding money
When all of a sudden all the people started looking funny
And started lookin' runny and liquify
Right before my very eye
This a different kind of high

(Oh shit, you see this shit
These motherfuckers is melting and shit)

Niggas and bitches walkin' by that I recognize
Feeling hypnotized
Pupils dialated, changing size
That's when I heard the battle cries from across the room
Set these crooked niggas straight
Likwit Crew, activate
Form of, a bunch of wild niggas mashing you
Came crashing through
Elbows and right hooks for you
We got thrown out by this time my shit is blown out
Pull the phone out acceleration and we bone out
In the zone out beyond Captain Kurk and Klingon
Shit that I'm on be high powered like a Yukon
Back to my house, fucked up, tryna see straight
How much of that bullshit did I actually take? (Two grams dude)
God damn, no wonder why I feel like a underneath
Told the white boy "Faggot, we got beef."
Over did it holmes
Niggas playin' bones in the living room
Restless, tryna find anything to mess with
Where my keys at?
Pickin' up clothes, trying to fold the shit
See my riot gage on the wall, better unload the shit
Fucked up niggas and firearms don't mix right
Cocked back the chamber, dumping shells 'til it felt light
Thought I dumped them all, counted to seven
But it was eight, straight 
I'm gone point the barrel at the floor, let it go