I.

It's on breaker 1, 2 mike checkin' 
flexin no half steppin 
when I release the funky weapon 
like Ricochet ping ping ping. 
I make fans fell it even when I sing. 
The green eyed bandit coming funky with the tune yes 
I'm blowing up like Tom Berringer in Platoon. 
I'm playing kinda ruff like Zapp 
whapp and E-Double smack to all the crossover raps black 
who ain't down with the format 
when you should be wearing khakis and not dress slacks 
that's wack 
you trippin you better wake up and smell the coffee 
and then back up off me 
I serious I can't believe some people letting frontiers in 
and then compare them equal boy you must be buggin 
you lucky you don't catch a slug in the chest in 
from the Smith and Wessons. 
Change the out look 
change the cover of the book 
you hip hop crook and give back what you took. 
It's the Funk coming at cha 
so don't let the crossover catch ya. 
Boy stay real. 

II.

It's on again yeah about the fake hip hop trends 
for those who can't comprehend just ask your friends 
they know the real deal of rap music no frontin 
you can't be talking loud and saying nothing 
you must be true to the game you understand 
and if not I could kill you man 
for being false plus extra fake on the tape 
talking hardcore when you soft like a piece of cake. 
You can't put nothing pass me that horrendous cause 
I've been here since strictly business 
the era of Eric and Rakim, Biz, Public Enemy, Run-DMC, 
Houdini, The Beasties, Stetsa, Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff, LL 
when he was rockin bells. 
Sucker which fake emcee is rearranging the structure band
the motherf--ker. And don't let this happen again 
cause rap could be gone the wind. 
So stay real. 

III.

Yes I'm back Black for those who might be confused 
and lost and don't want to pay the cost 
of me hardcore style type a human being 
on the microphone when I be emceeing. 
Some fake the Funk and Main Source know it 
how do I know cause MTV shows it. 
Clowns that should be beat down on the spot
and catching nothing but speed knots the bumbadots 
I insist we veto all fake emcees and want to be's 
that's worst than the AIDS disease. 
So wake up Spike Lee Joint 
and don't be a knucklehead and get to the point 
with the Funk and pump up the volume 
make the wild tune to make the party boom 
peace to Redman the Rap Funkadelic 
the only emcee that's compared to Erick because I'm real.