The money (money) cars (cars)
The clothes (clothes) the hoes (hoes) I suppose

Yeuh! I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.

Drizzy, oh yeah Trey I fucking feel ya,
They be staring at the money like it's unfamilia',
I get it, I live it, to me there's nothings realer,
Just enough to solve your problems,
Too much would kill ya,
And when I leave, I always come right back here,
The young spit it that everybody in rap fear,
A lot of y'all still sounding like last year,
The game needs change and I'm the motherfuckin' cashier,
Nickels for my thoughts,
Dimes in my bed,
Quarters of the kush,
Shake the lines in my head,
Take my verses too serious ya hate me,
Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture no H-D,
Yeah, I want it all, that's why I strive for it,
Dis me and you'll never hear a reply for it,
Any awards show or party I'll get fly for it,
I know that it's coming I just hope I'm alive for it.

I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.

Yeah, I want things to go my way,
But as of late a lot of shit been going sideways,
And my mother tried to runaway from home,
But I left somethin' in the car so I caught her in the driveway,
And she cried to me so I cried too,
And my stomach was soaking wet,
She only 5'2, and forty eight hours all before I showed up,
And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poured up,
Damn my reality just set in,
And even when the phantoms leased them hoes wanna get in,
I do a lot of things, hoping I never have to fit in,
So trying to keep up with my progress is like a dead end,
My girl love me but f*ck it my heart beat slow,
And right now the tour bus is lookin' like a freak show,
And life change for us every single week,
So what's good, but I know this ain't the peak though 'cause I want

I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.

Wise words from a decent man,
Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alicia hand,
This lost boy got fly without Peter Pan,
And my delivery just got me buzzing like the pizza man,
In person I am everything and more,
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before,
But inside I'm treading waters steady trying to swim ashore,
I'm on a shoppin' spree to get whatever is in store, yeah
Just call me shop and bag drizzy,
And call me Mr. Damn He Ain't Copin' That Is He?
And fans of this freshman is about to get iffy,
While this youngin' that you doubting is about to get busy,
I'm a kill it I promise this I know you mad,
I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads,
To big homie use a flash if you must,
And I swear I ain't asking for much all I want is

I want the money, (money)
Money and the cars, (cars)
Cars and the clothes, (clothes)
The hoes, (hoes) I suppose,
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful.(that's all I wanted man)
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, (you gotta tell 'em trey) successful.
I just wanna be, I just wanna be, successful. (ful ful)

It's like I know what I got to say,
I just don't know how to say it, to you

Uh pardon the swag, but bitch its cartate,
Long bread I don't eat shortcake,
How come I can't, miss a woman like I can't miss court dates,
Cheese, but she's not in this portrait,
Yeah life's fine but I do not portray,
I'm on the other side but it is a short gate,
I don't want the glow, I want the glory,
And I'm a f*ck the world, but this is just foreplay,
Tired of hearing bullshit, bring on the cow shit,
Haven't met a smell that's stinkier than our shit,
And that's word to Toronto, so high up I got birds in the condo, ain't that a female dog,
Ask her who I am to her, and she yell god,
Weezy baby go real hard, no further details boy.