Check it  life sure hurts with your dick in the dirt 
Witcha thang in a sling from the work of a skirt 
Balls turned black to blue from a tease or two 
Well one tease is a few  save your balls from the blues 

You're givin me the blues (the blues  the blues) 
Girl I got the blues (it's all because of you) 
It's all because of you (I've got em  I've got em) 
And those freaky things you do (let me tell you a story) 

As we leave the club, you know what's up 
Thinkin I'm gettin some, damn was I so dumb 
Take her to the crib.. thinkin I'm gon' live 
But you got, all these excuses, 
How you've heard about me.. and you're not ready sexually 
After you done teasin me, you want to leave 
Say it isn't true, I'm so excited by you 
Don't know what to do, you've given me the blues 
I've got em 

One of the best hoes, and SO's, at my crib spot 
Got the vessels in my testicles stopped on gridlock 
Now why you want to touch under drawers and tease Treach 
If I bust you better duck or get your whole weave wet 
Want to shoot loose the juices, the best of hooches 
Blue balls is the sewage, from shit excuses 
Now from the first face, on the first date, WHAT? 
Five dates, then we do it, still'll be the first f*ck 
You want to come and touch, run and duck, you're tricky 
Take a hickie come for Moby Dick, and slip a mickie 
You came foul and phony, you left me lonely 
So when I'm stiff and boney, I go and think about Naomi 
With my hand as my homey, uhh! 

You! You've given me the blues 
Girl I've got the blues (look what you did!) 
It's all because of you 
And those freaky things you do (ohhh yeahh) 

Hahaha, yeah 
You wore panties all fancy with that sheet shit over it 
Nuts tend to lock after an hour and you NOTICE 
Female cause charlie horse in my shorts 
Nuts beggin me to leave you in the worst part of Newark 
Then I thought of a plan and you called me a pervert 
Shit, hurtin and you beefin cause I want you to jerk it? 
I wish I knew your booty call was a coochie brawl 
I woulda had a better ball at the booty bar 
Balls swole like a bowl with my dick in the dirt 
Shoulda wait til you got up and went and jumped in your purse 
See you felt below the belt, while I kiss it you hug it 
Ain't come to suck or f*ck it, shit you ain't have to TOUCH IT 
My thang was cool, takin a nap on my lap 
Then you rub it til my balls catch a cramp from the back 
Smoke the tight sack, sport the nightcap, you spoke it right back 
Balls black and blue, nuts stingin like a spiked bat 
You ain't right rat! DAMN! DAMN! 

You're givin me the blues 

Girl I've got the blues (said I've got the blues) 

Wit yo' TEASIN ass 

It's all because of you 

You know what? You ain't leavin 

And those freaky things you do 

Get your hat, get your coat 

Your purse, and get out! 
You're givin me the blues 
Girl I've got the blues (is it the blues) 
It's all because of you (no no no no no no no) 
And those freaky things you do (I have the blues) 
Ohh, ohh, oh-ohh, ohh, uh, oh-ohh oahhhh 
Uh, oh-ohh oahhh, uh uh uh uh 
Ohh, ohh, oh-ohh, ohh, uh, oh-ohh oahhhh..