Say some more, never want to talk about it
Feel a way, woah
Feel a way, woah
Feel a way, woah

Take me back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, cold water, cold water
Yeah, take me back to November, wassup
Can we go back to November?
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter
Deep thoughts, deep thoughts
Naw, take me back to November, wassup

What if Clancy fuckin' me over?
What if 'Who Dat Boy' is rhetorical and this shit is over?
What if I'm hustling backwards?
What if my accountant ain't payin' my taxes?
Fillin' his pockets, and IRS show up asking me questions
I couldn't answer 'cause I was too busy trynna make classics
What if my music too weird for the masses?
And I'm only known for tweets more than beats or
All my day ones turn to three, fours cause of track seven
F*ck, what if I get stuck? What if I got comfortable?
I gotta keep it buck fifty, what if I lost it all and 
Ended up back in Ladera at them shitty apartments that's across the Bank of America
Damn, I would be hurtin', writing all of these songs
'Cause Wi-Fi wasn't working, last year in total
I put out two verses
But five seven figures since then, life's kinda perfect
Oh is it really? Oh is it really? Bitch you know the dealy
Really, Hilly, Willy, Tilly, Silly
Hold that billy how I Milly Rock
When they can't relate him, when they start to hate him
They don't drive these cars
So whats they ultimatum?
Tell me, whats your November? Is it a person?
Mine was the Summer '06, I remember the
What if I thought the brake was the gas?
What if I crashed?
What if these deep thoughts was my last?
Let me pull over, quick!

And drive back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the Winter, cold water, cold water
Yeah, take me back to November, wassup
Can we go back to November?
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the Winter
Deep thoughts, deep thoughts
Naw, take me back to November, wassup

Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back, take me back
I ain't doin' fine
Lost my mothafuckin' mind, time travel back and help me find
Take me back take me back
Take me back take me back
"My November is right now"

I wrote a song about you, I want your opinion
I consider my heart rate has slowed down at the ending
Cause the love I got for you has exceeded appearance, the lyrics
Matter of fact, I'mma just call you, so you can hear it
If you do answer, I play it to state facts
Although I already know the response you gon' say back
At that point I'll hang up, disappear and just stay back
And if you don't I'll leave a voicemail with the playback

Hello, no one is available to take your call, please leave a message after the tone
