
 

You gotta get up off of that Bullshit... stop fighting that 
feeling(x4) 

(Imani) 
Let me entertain you 
And Interphaze you  with the new sound 
the sound is the "cyde" And the PHAR is the "CYDE" 
And no matter who you are  you know you can't HYDE! 
not from the eyes of the sun nor the moon nor the stars! 
no matter who you are! 
So come in and commence to the sound of my drummin 

You gotta get up off of that Bullshit... stop fighting that 
feeling(x4) 

(Slim Kid 3) 
Time to go all the way with it 
Don't just sit there and stare or play with it 
cause were committed to the seeds of the new breeds 
the Motha Ship of dreams where fiendz breast feeds 
step through reality into reality so surreal you feel you never knew 
reality 
until it stood still now your far from a lie 
when the truth tantalizes ya eyes see we'z 
already in the skies or outer space 
standing here on the face of this earth 
to the state to the grid of my turf 
where my mom gave birth 
to all that she loves be it small to othersbut yo its bigger than 
love 
they did a cross examination of it 
but you can't duplicate the stae of our relations through translations 
that's not the ticket breaking code in hieroglyphics 
trying to get down to the specifics 

You gotta get up off of that Bullshit... stop fighting that 
feeling(x4) 

(Bootie Brown) 
Yo! when money talks fools are always checkin' 
depositing their two cents 
Foolishly convinced blinded by their ignorance 
that becomes a hinderance for them to rise 
When you going to recognize, time waits for no man 
when you going to stand and... 
Get up offa that Bullshit, stop fighting that feeling 

You gotta get up off of that Bullshit... stop fighting that 
feeling(x4) 

(Suave) 
Yo, Yo, now let me change the topic just a bit 
talk about the iahp's with the fat ass and tits 
Comin' to the club looking for a star 
ain't got ten dollars for a drink at the bar 
scoping around looking for the best dressed, 
smelling for the indo passing up the stress 
sniff sniff yo what does the iahp smell 
A brotha like Suave with pockets that swell 
action was thrown the iahp was blown 
next thing you know I had her at my home 
all alone object to get paid 
the only thing that happened was her ass got laid 
Now no end and her ass was sprung 
Used a little tongue but believe I'm well hung 
So listen, a lesson well learned for all you club hopping ho's 
It ain't about the stardom and it ain't about the dough 
So... 

You gotta get on up off of that Bullshit (x6) 
Stop fighting that feeling 
