I was talking, I was talking to a cat the other night
He said, "What everybody is looking for?
What everybody's looking for today?"
They're looking for escapism

Ain't it good to you? Yeah
You know what? I love to get down, Jack, yeah
And when I get down, why'understand
I don't have to go into no funny bag
Say, alcohol, you guess, I mean, said I wanna man
I can't, why'understand, that's the way I feel

You know, I believe I'll get down right about here, right on
Byrd, if I get down, hey why'know Byrdy, Byrdy, man, Byrdy's gotta
Byrdy's gotta, Byrdy's gotta, I mean, Byrdy's gotta
Out of sight tune coming up, we gotta record Byrdy right here
Why'know, yeah, so we're trying to get our thing out of the way
Before Byrdy can get into it

Byrd, can we get on before we, yeah, is it all right? Yeah
Byrd, do you think gonna be a hit, Byrd? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Is it, you think it's gonna be a hit?
Well, I know it's a smash, I know it's a smash
Cause you're in the thing, man, you're saying where it's at
Why'know, it's gotta be a hit, yeah, you ready, Byrd? Yeah, let's go

Get down, ain't it good to you? Yeah
Ain't it good to you? Yeah
Ain't it good to you?, Yeah, yeah, yeah

Look here, what you say, Fred?
Man, you know, we better take it on the lam
You better watch the man, I don't think they heard
What you say, Fred?, I said, we better take it on the lam
You better watch the man
Byrd, yeah, come over here, brother, I'm tellin' you
You think we're talking too loud? Who starts fuss

I ain't got no dust, I don't have to take it on the lam
Better watch that man, uh? Better watch that man
Watch him, yeah, all right, you're right, yeah, yeah
Coming from some funny places, what you say, bruh?
What's happening Brown?

Trying to get down, yeah, yeah, well, you know
Look here, we can't help it, that's right, (Incomprehensible), yeah
It ain't no alcohol, man I don't dig it, what you say, Jason?
I say, don't be so mean, you know I'm clean, yeah
(Incomprehensible)
