Hello, baby?
How u doin'?
Aw, that's so nice.
Yes, I'm fine,
No, I'm just layin' here thinkin'
About the things we talked about,
Last night, yeah,
And, baby, I couldn't help from wonderin' do you still feel the same way?
Listen.

Girl, you said, you want me, you said you want me, 
To be your man,
Yes, you did,
And you said, you want me, you said you want me, 
You want me to marry you,
Now I don't mind doin' that baby,
But there is, something, there is somethin',
I think I'd better tell you,
Right now

I'm just a ghetto man,
That's all I am,
Singing in this ghetto town, yes I am.

I'm just a ghetto man,
That's all I am,
Living in this ghetto town.

Baby, please, remember this,
Diamond rings I can't give you, no, I can't,
Because I only made a few ghetto plans
And they don't include diamond rings honey, a whole lot of money,
I cant give you, no, I can't
Because I only made a few ghetto plans, yes, I did,
That's the reason why, oh I'm lookin', 
I got to keep lookin', for me a ghetto woman,
I know she'll understand.
A new car I can't give you, I can't afford it, baby
Because I only made a few ghetto plans,
And they don't include a new car, honey,
A whole lotta things, that girl should have,
I can't give,
Because I made ghetto plans, yes, I did
But if it's love you're lookin for,
I want you to come on, come on, and let me love you.
Baby, please remember this,
I'm just a ghetto man, I don't have much,
Because I made ghetto plans,
But I'm willin' to share with you honey,
If it's love you're lookin for I want you to come on,
Let me take you to my paradise,
Let me be your man, baby, but remember,
I'm just a ghetto man, that's all I am,
Singing in this ghetto town, 
I just wanna remind you one more time, baby,
I'm just a ghetto man,

Baby I cant give u a lot of things,

Because I made ghetto plans
Don't you ever forget that, baby, whoa, I'm a ghetto man
I don't have much, but I'm willing to share with you,

You see baby, most men can give you a whole lot of things
But I'm just plain ole marvin, baby, 
You see I don't live in Hollywood or London or Paris or Rome,
You see, baby, I live right here in the ghetto,
I cant afford to eat the best of food,
Sometimes I eat beans out of the can,
So, if you don't mind that.

Come on but remember, I'm just a ghetto man, that's all I am
Livin' in this ghetto town,
Don't you ever forget that baby, girl, oh,
I'm a ghetto man,
I work hard for what I got girl, um hmm,

Can I say it one more time, baby, girl, oh girl, 
I'm just a ghetto man, that's all I am