Look at the bargains over here, ladies

Ooh, oh
Ooh, hoo, oh yeah
Ooh, hoo
If I was your girlfriend, would you remember 
To tell me all the things you forgot when I was your man? 
Hey hey, when I was your man 

If I was your best friend, would you let me 
Take care of you and do all the things that only a best friend can? 
Oh, only best friends can 

If I was your girlfriend 
Ooh, hoo, ho ooh
If I was your girlfriend 

If I was your girlfriend, would you let me dress you 
I mean, help you pick out your clothes before we go out? 
Not that you're helpless 
But sometime, sometime those are the things that bein' in love's about 

If I was your one and only friend 
Would you run to me if somebody hurt you even if that somebody was me, yeah 
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be, please 

If I was your girlfriend 
Ooh, hoo, hoo
If I was your girlfriend 

Would you let me wash your hair? 
Could I make you breakfast sometime? 
Well then, could we just hang out 
I mean, could we go to a movie and cry together? 
'Cause to me baby, that would be so fine (that would be so fine), ooh

(If I was your girlfriend) 
Baby, can I dress you 
I mean, help you pick out your clothes before we go out? (if I was your girlfriend)
Listen girl, I ain't sayin you're helpless 
But sometime, sometime those are the things that bein' in love's about 

Sugar
Sugar, do you know what I'm saying to you this evening? (If I was your girlfriend)
Maybe you think I'm being a little self-centered 
But I, I said I want to be all of the things you are to me (if I was your girlfriend)
Surely, surely you can see 

Is it really necessary for me to go out of the room 
Just because you want to undress? 
We don't have to make children to make love 

And we don't have to make love to have an orgasm 
Your body's what I'm all about 
Can I see it? 
I'll show you 
Why not? 

You can do it because I'm your friend 
I'd do it for you 
Of course I'd undress in front of you 
And when I'm naked, what shall I do? 

How can I make you see that it's cool? 
Can't you just trust me? 
If I was your girlfriend, you could 
Oh yeah, I think so 

Listen, for you naked I would dance a ballet 
Would that get you off? 
Tell me what will 
If I was your girlfriend, would you tell me? 

Would you let me see you naked then? 
Would you let me give you a bath? 
Would you let me tickle you so hard you'd laugh and laugh 

And would you, would you let me kiss you there 
You know, down there where it counts 
I'll do it so good, I swear I'll drink every ounce 
And then I'll hold you tight and hold you long 
And together we'll stare into silence 

And we'll try to imagine what it looks like 
Yeah, we'll try to imagine what, what silence looks like 
Yeah, we'll, we'll try to imagine what silence looks like 
Yeah, we'll try