Now!
(Freaks on the floor) [Repeats]

One, two, one, two
Light up another one dude

[Chorus:]
Now! (One, two, three, four come on, come on, freaks on the floor)
(Go go yeah) (Now) (Go go yeah)
Now! (One, two, three, four come on, come on, freaks on the floor)
(Go go yeah) (Now) (Go go yeah)

One, two, one, two '94
I'm on the set, freaks on the floor
Don't worry about my name, it's to long to remember
I could tell you now but we'd be here 'til next September
Three, it be like that, see?
This ain't about the trippers trippin' like they know they be
This ain't about this, that, what, where, or how
This about the freaks doing everything they want to do now!

[Chorus: x2]

What you wantin' two say? (Get funky)
What you want to play? (Get funky)

Three, four, three, four, '99
She the new hero 'cause she's so divine
Unaffected by the system, she'd rather die
Than write a rap for some big booty heifer gettin' by
On that booty, instead of doin' duty
Aspire to be higher, I admire so I fire
Cause it's flyer to be hungry than phat
Take it from this sister, y'all take it from that
It's flyer to be hungry than phat
The ride up front is better when you've been in the back
That's a fact
This ain't about this y'all, it ain't about that
This ain't about the booty movin' pumpin' the max
This ain't about this, that, what, where, or how
This about the freaks doing everything they want to do now!

[Chorus: x2]

What you gonna say? (Get funky)
Now you want to play? (Get funky)

Forty, forty five, snake's alive
Say one thing, do another, it's time
We chill on that
Nah, I don't need a gat
I'd rather see yourself checkin' ass up to bat four another swing
Anybody can sing
There's more to genius than the word my sister anything I would bring
Or would you rather dine alone?
If you change your mind, you can reach me on your video phone
It's a dime, as in dollars and that's my to bloody cents
This ain't about this, that, what, where, or how
This about the freaks doing everything they want to do now!

[Chorus: x2]

What you come to say? (Get funky) [Repeat: x2]
Come on, now how you want to play? (Get funky) [Repeat]
Band!
(Now)

Sixty seven, sixty seven
Freaks dance like they in heaven
DJ don't stop the music, DJ don't stop the music
Fill us with de dope track, lick us, twist us, roll us in your mouth
Light us up and take a hit, light us up and take a hit
Mmm, suck us 'til we're dry
And when we're lookin' like a roach, hit the lights
Before you say goodnight though
Let's make a toast yo
This ain't about this, that, what, where, or how
This about the freaks doing everything they want to do now!

Now! [Repeat: x7]

[Chorus]

(Get funky) [Repeat: x4]

(Freaks on the floor) (Now) [Repeat: x3]
(Get funky) [Repeat: x3]
(Now)
Now!