Yeah
Can't let you get away girl
Ohh no
I can't let you walk away girl
Yea
I can't let you get away girl
Ohh no

[chorus]
I'll make good love one million times (times)
But nobody can love me like you
And I've been in love a time or two
Still nobody can love me like you (like you)
Nobody nobody nobody nobody (yooouuu)
Nobody nobody nobody but you (yoooouu)
Nobody nobody nobody nobody (that's why I'm shouting you out shouting you out girl) 
Nobody nobody nobody but you (that's why I'm shouting you out shouting you out girl) 

I love it when I kiss you girl
I like it when you do that thang (do that thang)
I love it when I hold you girl
I like it when you make me scream (make me scream)
Girl you know you holding it down
You know your number one on my team (number one in my team)
This is a shout out for my lady cause I know that your riding for a G

The things you do
Who cook my food?
You do 
Who wash my clothes? 
You do
Who put up with me acting up all the time?
You do

Who is my girl? 
You are
The one who's down for me
You are
The one who's riding with me 
Til the end of the world

[chorus]
I'll make good love one million times (ohhhh)
But nobody can love me like you (no one)
And I've been in love a time or two (a time or two)
Still nobody can love me like you (nobody love me like you)
Nobody nobody nobody nobody (nobody girl nobody hold it down like you baby)
Nobody nobody nobody but you  
Nobody nobody nobody nobody (that's why I'm shouting you)
Nobody nobody nobody but you (that's why I'm shouting you out shouting you out shouting you out baby) 

Hey! I'm stopping clubbing man (I'm giving it up)
I'm stopping cursing man (I'm giving it up)
I'm stopping creeping man (I'm giving it all up)
Whoa whoa whoooaaa
Hey! What do you think about that?
Hey do I speak for the world?
If so I'm ready cause I want to take it to another level because I'm ready for ya
Hey and I really do adore ya
And I'm glad I took time to know ya
Hey! Cause I'm your man and your number one fan

Who's riding with G?
You are 
Who's living with G?
You are
Who's pushing my whips and taking trips with G

[chorus]
I'll make good love one million times (ohhhh million times)
But nobody can love me like you   (love like you do)
And I've been in love a time or two (been in love before)
Still nobody can love me like you  
Nobody nobody nobody nobody   (nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody nobody)
Nobody nobody nobody but you   (ohhhh o)
Nobody nobody nobody nobody   (aint gonna let you go)
Nobody nobody nobody but you (nobody ain't gonna let you go noooooooooooo)
Nobody nobody nobody nobody  (nobody gonna sleep in this house but you)
Nobody nobody nobody but you  (nobody gonna spend my credit cards)
Nobody nobody nobody nobody  (nobodys gonna ride wit me to the grammys)
Nobody nobody nobody but you  (my sweet Kandi)

Nobody but you 
Do I speak for the world?
Yeah
Said I sang this song for the world
Sang this song for the world
Umm hmm
Speaking to the world
A million times over and over and over and over and over and over again
Me and G doing it again until the end