Yeah-yeah, oh
Yeah-yeah, oh
Look'it here
(The lights go out) the lights go out, the smell of doom
Is creepin' into your lonely room

The bed's on fire
Your fate is sealed
And you're so tired
And the reason is Camille-mille, Shockadelica
The girl must be a witch
She got your mind, body, and soul hitched, Shockadelica
You need a second opinion but she never wears a stitch
So you can't take her home

She got you tied with a golden rope
She won't let you play your guitar
And when you've cried enough
Maybe she'll let you up
For a nasty ride in her shockadeli-car
She'll make you beg (please) girl
Shockadelica, got you in a trance
'Cause when this woman say dance you dance, Shockadelica
You need a second opinion but you just can't leave her alone
With her you got no mind of your own
Shockadelica
Shockadelica
Doo-bee-doo-bee, yeah, Shockadelica
Shockadelica 
Doo-bee-doo-bee, Shockadelica

The lights go out, the smell of doom
Again is creepin' into your lonely room

Is this a dream or is this real (or is this real)
Or is this just a mirage you feel, Shockadelica
Shockadelica
Shockadelica, she must be a witch
She got your mind, body, and soul hitched, Shockadelica
You need a second opinion
She never wears a stitch
You can't take her home, Shockadelica

She got you in a trance
When this girl say dance, baby, baby, baby, you dance (Shockadelica)
You dance, you dance, you dance, you dance, you, oh!

Shockadelica (she must be a witch, yeah)
Shockadelica, doo-bee-doo-bee (she got my mind, body, and soul hitched) 
Shockadelica (I need a second, I need a second opinion)
Shockadelica, doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee (I just can't leave her alone) 

Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee
The lights go out, the smell of doom
Again is creeping into your lonely room (is this a dream?)
Is this a dream
Or is this real
(Or is it just a mirage?) or is this just a mirage you feel?
(Is this just a mirage?) (or is it just a mirage?)
(Is this just a mirage?) (or is it just a mirage?) (Shockadelica)
(Is this just a mirage?) (or is it just a mirage?)
(Or is this just a mirage?) (or is it just a mirage?)
Shockadelica