Contradiction, my prediction is that,
Is it really important where I take my naps? (no)
Or who I sleep with? People with a real mind
Will peep this out, (yo, out)
oops, then there goes your clout
Another fool don't know what she's talkin' about
Like the woman who tried to approach and
Attempt to roast and even boast about (what)
How she know me when. Damn, here we go again (what he say?)
you never went to school as far as I know
And now you're tryin' to say that you're writing a bio about me? (kick their ass)
Girl, I hate to say this, nigga please (tell 'em)
I go places that you never go
Ask what I'm kickin', I'm kickin' the flow
Rock to the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Just like you're supposed to do (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Rock to the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Don't kill me please)

No, no, I ain't gonna kill you man (Just like you're supposed to do)
Tony, shoot that piece of shit

Just give me the beat and something to flow on
And before long I have 'em bobbin' their jugheads
to this funky song
Yeah, we're watching people scatter to the dance floor
Slammin' and shakin' their booties
Screamin' yo T, give me more (more)
So more is what I give 'em
NPG rockin' the track
Yo' tell me how we're livin' (livin' large, T)
you damn right, that's how it be (I see)
Gotta keep it that way
So that 5-0 can't find me and I'm sneakin'
Up the back of a pack of rats
They thought I was asleep, but I'm sayin'
It ain't all that (No!)
Not with a 9 fadin' my back
I don't hang with the hat pack (Bang!)
I'm runnin' silent, solo black
Sleek neat creepin' gangk peepin'
Known to put a damn fool to sleep
who pulls a cheap one (whatcha do?)
That's when I change my speed
And flow on then I start
Slippin' and skippin' and jumpin' around
So much I say bring it on

Rock to the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Just like you're supposed to do (mpls, mpls) (to many neighbors)
Rock to the F.L.O.W. (wait a minute) (Minneapolis, Minneapolis)
Just like you're supposed to do (speak english)

(to the bridge)

(to many neighbors) [Repeat: x3]
(Ladies and gentleman)
(Ladies and gentleman)
Rock to the F.L.O.W.
Just like you're supposed to do
(Ladies and gentleman)
Rock to the F.L.O.W.
Just like you're supposed to do
Rock, rock, rock, rock