Hey watch out cause I'm coming for you
well baby girl k tell me what cha do
I said I come from DC you cant see me
hey Chuckie B let em know what we do
I used to say I would never not in my days, 
ever change my ways, too good at getting away 
with all them games I played smooth walker slick talker anything I did, 
get out of a jam quicker that MacGyver did. Shit
I think I'm sprung now, I seen a dude up town who makes me what to settle down 
and have his son now, he might be the one now, 
I count it funny myself, 
I'll let my daddy Chuck Brown give you the run down.
I was driving in my car one day, I saw a sexy lady walk my way, 
A banging body and a pretty face, s
I whispered in her ear and said
I really love your style and you dress so fly yo
I'd love to see your pretty face in my show
I've been around the world from London to Chicago
but I ain't never met a girl like you.
Shorty took a look into my eyes, and said she heard I was a crazy guy
I hit and run the Georgie Porgy type, 
you like to kiss the girls and make them cry. 
I told her don't believe the hype 'cause I'm cool
Enough about me lets talk about you
I want to get to know you and make you my boo
it's all on you baby, and she said

Chuck baby don't give a what, (and she said)
Chuck baby don't give a ugh, (and he said)
Chuck baby don't give a what (And they said)
Chuck baby don't give a ugh, (and you said)
Chuck baby don't give a what (that ain't true)
chuck baby don't give a ugh, (I love all of you)
Chuck baby don't give a what (you know what I do)
Chuck baby don't give a ugh (ow)

So I shoot a couple of jokes, he laughin' 
and he gigglin, tell by the look in his eyes he knows I'm feelin' him.
Throw a couple of hints, he act like he cant hear
I say I'm going to lunch why don't you meet me there.
I swear, you think he own a store in G-town
he drivin' a hard bargain while I'm trying to talk him down
man you ready or not I can bring a car around
if not then let me know so I can go and shop around.
So I asked her if she had a man. 
She didn't answer so I asked again
and baby I ain't trying to force your hand
baby I'm just tryin' to understand
Why you try to play so hard to get
and my name ain't no Romeo and you ain't Juliet, but she said.

Chuck baby dont give a what (And he said)
Chuck baby don't give a ugh, (and they said)
Chuck baby dont give a what (And you said)
Chuck baby dont give a ugh, (yes I do)
Chuck baby dont give a what (that ain't true y'all)
Chuck baby dont give a ugh, (that ain't true)
Chuck baby don't give a what (is that the way you feel?)
Chuck baby don't give a ugh, (come on baby)

He said, you said, they said, he said, everybody said,
Chuck baby dont give a what, Chuck baby dont give a
I said Chucky Thompson so sick with it
Chucky Browns baby girl so sick with it,
Y'all know that we comin', comin' to flow
say rocker reppin' for that go go oh, and he said,
