Oh no no, no no
No no I'm beggin', I'm beggin'
Hello I'm standin' out here at the front door, hello can you hear me?
I'm at the front door, and my key ain't workin' where you at? let me in
(you ain't comin' in here) what the hell you mean I can't come in?
Oh no! I know she just didn't hang up what she thinkin'? oh no! here we go 
I'm bout to kick this door in. I hear the po po comin' see my clothes out the 
Window she put me out and I ain't got nowhere else to go

Your hearts my house it's where I sleep without my baby
A bum is what id be what am I gonna do if you ain't there to come home to?
Girl I'm a be out on the streets if I ain't with you!
You ain't see me on the corner of the streets starin' with a cup in my hand 
Holdin a sign up say that I'm homeless, I'm homeless, girl I'm homeless
And I'm beggin, I'm beggin cause me without you is like a gin with no juice 
It's like a chain with no jewels it's like your man's here beggin' 
I'm homeless, I'm homeless girl I'm homeless
And I'm beggin', I'm beggin' yeah

Damn it's feels like I've been sleepin' on a box and
Damn it seems like I be close to pushin' carts and
I don't want to work cause I need spend it on you and
I'm talkin' to myself cause I aint talkin' to you
Damn, damn, damn, damn I missin' how you was my hot chocolate
Girl damn I'm really missin' how you used to drop it
My food all it tastes like it came straight out the garbage
And the girls I'm meetin' they be garbage

Your hearts my house it's where I sleep without my baby
A bum is what id be what am I gonna do I
F you ain't there to come home to?
Girl I'm a be out on the streets if I ain't with you!
You ain't see me on the corner of the streets starin' with a cup in my hand 
Holdin' a sign up say that I'm homeless... I'm homeless... girl I'm homeless... 
And I'm beggin', I'm beggin' cause me without you
Is like a gin with no juice it's like a chain with no jewels
It's like your mans here beggin' I'm homeless, I'm homeless girl
I'm homeless and I'm beggin', I'm beggin yeah

Girl I'm nothin', I'm strugglin', got nothin' but my name
I ain't askin' for to much I just need a lil' change in my life
I ain't right and I never should of done you wrong (and I know I was 
Wrong)girl it ain't about the house baby that don't mean a thing to me
All I need is you so if that means I gotta work for the rest of my life 
I swear I'll make it up to you!

Girl I'm a be out on the streets if I ain't with you!
You ain't see me on the corner of the streets starin' with a cup in my hand 
Holdin' a sign up say that I'm homeless, I'm homeless, girl I'm homeless 
And I'm beggin', I'm beggin' cause me without you
Is like a gin with no juice it's like a chain with no jewels
It's like your mans here beggin' I'm homeless, I'm homeless girl
I'm homeless and I'm beggin', I'm beggin' yeah
