Alright cut! Fade to black
Now bring it up and let me kick the facts
And I'm gonna do ya like you wanna,
I'm gonna do ya like you wanna,
I'm gonna do ya like you want to be done
Continental
Continental

This is the continental
This is the main thing

I can see you dancin' for a pack of wolves
I can see them fighting for a chance to pull
But they ain't got a shot (shot)
Because the way to make you hot
Is to let you do your own thing
Instead of trying to make you stop

Go on ahead my dear and dance
This is the new romance
Whatever you want to do,
I'll make it happen fast

I am the Continental
I am the main thing
Whatever come for and after me is yin yang
Why settle for a star when you can have the sun?
C'mon let me do you like you want to be done

Alright cut. Dissolve to a purple floor
You and me a starring in a movie called "Amour"
Three quarters in a glass, I see you smile and ask
If I flip 'em on my stomach will you marry my ass?
I'd be like "Yeah man"
Cause I want the main thing (continental)
Whatever come for and after that is yin yang (yin yang)
Why settle for a star when you can have the sun?
C'mon let me do ya like you want to be done

C'mon let me do ya like you want to be done
C'mon let me show you how a boy and girl supposed to have fun
Hand to hand (hand to hand)
One to one (one to one)
Let me do ya, do ya, do ya like ya, like you want to be done

Con-con-continental

I want to kiss you, baby yeah I want your lips
I want to kiss you like, you know, like you know want to be kissed
All tongue yeah that's right, I want all your germs
I can be heck-a-teacher if you want to learn

Cause, I am the continental
I am the main thing
Whatever come for and after me is yin yang
Why settle for a star when you can have the sun?
C'mon let me do ya like you want to be done

Con-con-continental

Baby, how you want to how you want to be done
Just say the word and we can start from number 1
And go the distance baby, until you tell me stop
I'll lose myself inside you till you get all I got
Talk to me baby, tell me how you want to be done

(yeah)
How you want to be done?
Shall I go in a circle like the merry-go-round
That you and your girlfriends used to ride all up and down
Talk to me baby, (talk to me baby)
Tell me how you want to be done (how you want to be done)
Shall I write the alphabet, (A-B-C-D-E-F-G)
Or shall I just write my name
You tell me, you're the ruler in this telephone game

I could be a slave (oh yeah) (slave)
When it comes down to you
I'll do any and everything you want me to do
You know why? (why?)
'cause I want you to have fun
So how you want to be done? (how you want to be done?)
Baby, how you want to how you want to be done
Just say the word and we can start from number one
And go the distance baby, until you tell me stop
I'll lose myself inside you till you get all I got
Talk to me baby, tell me how you want to be done

I want you to imagine you're making angels
Angels in the snow
And kiss a hundred revolutions nice n' slow
Then I see you on the beat and do a def strip tease
No, no leave the Chanel around your neck
Please baby please
Now do something I've never seen before (how you want to, how you want to be
Crawl over to me on your stomach done)
More baby more
Now pull me down on top of you
And grind really fast (tell me how you want to be done)
Take both hands with all your might
And squeeze my, yeah
Roll me over 'til you're back on top
Then I want you to kiss me until I make you stop
That's how, that's how I want to be done (tell me how you want to be done)
