Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect
Judge Dre presiding
In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department
Prosecuting attorneys are: MC Ren, Ice Cube, 
And Eazy motherfuckin E

Order, order, order
Ice Cube, take the motherfuckin stand
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
And nothin but the truth so help your black ass?

You god damn right!

Well won't you tell everybody what the f*ck you gotta say?

F*ck the police comin' straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown
And not the other color so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
F*ck that shit, cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beatin' on, and thrown in jail
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin' with me cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searchin' my car, lookin' for the product
Thinkin' every nigga is sellin' narcotics
You'd rather see, me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin' in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still gettin' swoll off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down, and grabbin' his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showin' out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On ANY motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just cause I'm from, the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me!
HUH, a young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dyin' in L.A.
Yo Dre, I got somethin' to say

[Chorus]
F*ck the police
F*ck the police
F*ck the police
F*ck the Police

Pull your god damn ass over right now
Aww shit, now what the f*ck you pullin' me over for?
'Cause I feel like it!
Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the f*ck up
Man, f*ck this shit
Aight smart ass, I'm takin' your black ass to jail!

MC Ren, will you please give your testimony 
To the jury about this fucked up incident?

F*ck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang, is with whoever I'm steppin'
And the motherfuckin' weapon is kept in 
A stash box, for the so-called law
Wishin' Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashin' behind me
But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives em a hint, not to step in my path
For police, I'm sayin, "F*ck you punk!"
Readin' my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pullin' out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-assed badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it punk, and I'm a f*ck you up!
Make you think I'm a kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as f*ck when it comes to crime
But I'm a smoke 'em now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole, that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Takin' out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfuckin' villain that's mad
With potential, to get bad as f*ck
So I'm a turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
Yeah, somethin' like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Takin' out a police, would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a f*ck to say
 
[Chorus]

Yeah man, what you need?
Police, open now
Aww shit
We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em
(Move motherfucker, move now!)
What the f*ck did I do, man what did I do?
Just shut the f*ck up
And get your motherfuckin' ass on the floor
(You heard the man, shut the f*ck up!)
But I didn't do shit
Man just shut the f*ck up!

Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand
And tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

I'm tired of the motherfuckin jackin
Sweatin my gang, while I'm chillin in the shack, and
Shinin the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe cause I blast
On a stupid-assed nigga when I'm playin with the trigger
Of any Uzi or an AK
Cause the police always got somethin stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucker in a uniform waitin to get shot
By me, or another nigga
And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(Size ain't shit, he's from the old school fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rollin, keep lookin in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rollin off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm drivin off laughin this is what I'll say
 
[Chorus]

The verdict
The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck, 
White bread, chicken shit motherfucker
But wait, that's a lie!  That's a god damn lie!
Get him out of here!
I want justice!
Get him the f*ck out my face!
I want justice!
Out, right now!
F*ck you, you black mother fuckers!
 
[Chorus]