Here we come yo, here we go (It's goin' on now) [Repeat: x2]

Busta Rhymes nigga, here we go
Flipmode nigga, here we go
Neptunes nigga, here we go
Once again my niggas, here we go

Come on, guess who's back in town,
Bitches get on the dance floor and pull ya shit on down!
From miles around,
I been fuckin' bitches up and flip a brand new sound!
The most hot shit all around
So hot it make a bitch want to give me a pound!
Huh, fall on the ground, (come on)
Roll up a backwood and stay steamin the brown!

The way we comin' to town,
See we controllin' the fort now, nigga give me the crown!
Talk that shit to me girl, what you say, arrah!
Strip for me, I got the camcorder shorty make her flip for me!
And how ya ass get split for mearrah!
See how we makin' you black
And from the party and we keep the D.J bringin' it back
I'm sayin'

[Chorus: x2]
Uh, uh, uh along with the track man, uh
Part of me, uh, as I come back
Uh, uh, uh along with the track man, uh
Part of me, uh, as I come back, nigga

What we gon' do in two-thousand two,
Even though we havin' fun in two-thousand one!
Stay strapped, grippin' my gun
Up in the truck, packed with bitches stackin' my one!
And while we lyin' in fun,
All of my bitches show me ya ass and rep where you from!
Come on, cuttin' it down 
Such a way we make police come and shuttin' it down

I hope you see how we takin' it there
And while we at it, motherfuckers throw ya hands in the air!
Valet parkin' the car
While we up in the club buyin' every drink in the bar!
We givin' you this shit, come on 
We showin' niggas how we always flip the script, come on!
Back off, get out of my face, 
And every time we come through nigga, give me my space
I'm sayin'

[Chorus: x2]

For my dogs we be keepin' it raw
But bitches be gasin' a nigga, please give me some more!
They way you be shakin' ya shit to the floor! Damn!
I'ma give it to you mami for sure
And if you couldn't take it what is you fuckin' me for!
Ya niggas know how to act
And when we arrive niggas know we come to pushin' shit back
I'm sayin'

[Chorus: x2]