Magic, I'd like to send this one out to the partner
Pepa MC, magic, and her first born, whatever it may be, magic
Yo Spin, once again help me get this crowd on it's feet

So we can set it off, I've got your back, Salt
You know I'm never soft, yo where's your records at?
Right beside me, ready to give a scratch? Yep, like poison ivy

It's the nineties, the year for change, can you prove it?
I made this beat, I'm an invincible and I produced it
It's in my soul to roll and flow, take control
Sold the show, can go like a pogo stick

Hot hit, dop, dip, rock, rip, don't shop on my hit list
'Cuz I can be a witch if, they say music is cool
And it can calm the savage beast
Then we got plenty of beats for the beasts to eat

A party animal that's livin' rather large, in fact
Take out the camera, Salt, why? I wanna picture that
Make sure it's focused or you may only not have noticed
Before I cut up a jam I yell a 'Hocus Pocus'

And right before your eyes you'll understand the name
Musicians and magicians are usually the same
And the fame, proclaim, obtains the stain, will gain a rain
That pours, it soars my brain to yours

Ordained by law to train the poor
I'll make sure that there ain't gonna be no more
It's a treachery hidden up the sleeves of men
Magic will only work for those who do believe in them

Black magic, it's black magic, do you believe in black magic?
It's black magic, I believe in black magic, it's black magic
Do you believe in black magic? It's black magic, I believe in

We call this song 'Black Magic' 'cuz it's a fact
Anything that's tragic relates to black
Coincidental? No, here's an example, Jack
Words as ancient as fossils or artifacts

Black Sunday or Monday, black tongues or lungs
May 'cause a black sleep, why say black sheep?
Black Sabbath is evil, black market illegal
A black widow is deadly, black potion ain't healthy

See, some try to say dark skinned men ain't sexy, true
Darker the cherry, you know how sweet will be the juice
Music's the only thing that brings the dead right back to life
Have faith and it will guide you through the night just like a light

Never say Salt steered you wrong inside a concert hall
My crystal ball can see the future, to the beat y'all

Magic, it's black magic, do you believe in magic? It's black magic
I believe in magic, it's black magic, do you believe in magic?
It's black magic, I believe in magic

And my feet in the street is black magic
And my soul in control is black magic
And the life that I live is black magic
Anything that I give is black magic

It's black magic, do you believe in magic?
It's black magic, I believe in

In magic, a dimension of sight and sound
Where people see in only shades of brown
And reality is the same as a fantasy
Is this the way you want your world to be?

Not me, I want variety in my society
Where I can change if I don't like what I see, you see
This is a woman speakin', bringin' door-to-door, seekin'
Tranquility, that ability will keep on repeatin'

To saw someone in half may be a trick or treat
Makin' them dance and laugh is somethin' quite unique
Abracadabra, Salt's comin' at ya
You say my music was a phase, a fad, huh

I proved you wrong, over ten years and still goin' strong
Whoever heard of a fad kickin' for so long?

Magic, it's black magic, do you believe in magic? It's black magic
I believe in magic, it's black magic, do you believe in magic?
It's black magic, I believe in black magic

And the life that I live is black magic
Anything that I give is black magic
And my feet in the street is black magic
And my soul in control is black magic

And the life that I live is black magic
Anything that I give is black magic
And my feet in the street is black magic
And my soul in control is black magic

