Fool, defined in Webster's
Open up the book, read it read it
Turn the page, see what it says
Read it to me will you please

(One who acts dope
So what does it mean to me?)
That's you (how's that?) cause of the way you act (Huh?)
Standing on the corner selling Girbauds (what you talking bout?)
Scaling your friends and also your foes
What's the matter with you boy? (Ain't nothing wrong with me, mother...)
You big galoot (huh?), you nincompoop (what?)
What's wrong wit you? You can't compute (Yes sure I can compute)
Don't fix your lips to tell me you can
Standing on the poley playing pusher man
What you got to do with yourself? (Oh what?)
Can't you be somebody else? (No)
Look at you described to a tee (huh)
You're a fool of many in society
I know some more, I shall go on
And continue in the song, fooled the fool

The girl I talked to she's sort of neurotic (yeah)
Her crazy ex-boyfriend is really psychotic (uh-huh)
Scares the girl by threatening her life (word)
Says 'Girl, you're dead if you're not my wife' (oh man)
Beats in her public, beats her in private (yes)
Tried it 'round me, 'almost' won't buy it (what you mean?)
Said 'Forget him, don't you know he's a loser'

Who would love a woman turn around and abuse her (oh)
Only a fool as described by the Tribe
Here's another one who's on the fool vibe (okay)
Gonna make it short, gonna make it quick (why?)
For this situation makes me sick (oh)
See your brother man, with the female (yeah)
He's crazy ego tryed to show he'll prevail (aha)
In any situation lady luck's on his side (word)
Emotions run free, nothing he will hide
Why I remember one sunny day (yeah)
Took my cousin to the park so we can play (yeah, park)
On the way, a couple resembled
The one I just described, everything assembled
Another young man walked in their direction (yeah)
Bumped him a bit, excused his imperfection
But the man with the lady grabbed the other by the neck
Demanded an apology and also respect (uh-huh uh-huh)
The young man aggravated grabbed him back and smacked him
The girl just laughed and laughed and laughed at him (oh man!)
He felt ashamed for what he had done
It looked like a fool to everyone (OH!)
These are three stories from the naked city (yeah)
Reality, is sometimes a ditty (yeah uh huh)
Like Grodzilla from The Twilight Zone
Earth to your brain, is anyone home? (What you talking bout?)
I see ya there, trying to make amends
Try to make some friends, but now my story ends (Oh man!)
On the note, that I just wrote
Stay afloat on the reality boat (oh)
Slow down and think and take it cool
And try to avoid the description of a