I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
Just fill my drink up

Why they sippin'? (Why?)
Because it's they decision
Why they got the bottles and models around 'em thizzin'? (Why?)
Because they make a living
Why they staring at us like all of 'em want a whipping? (Why?)
Because them niggas tripping
Why they gotta flex and be pulled into that position (Why?)
'Cause drunk is they're condition
Mind tall
Sleeping is when I'm through
Then it's never mind you
Off the wine bro
Hard liquor mixing, you wishing for a thicken, that'll be a fine skull
Waking and perkin' off my medicine
Shoving mimosas up in my head again
Tell me to slow up, bitch I'm a veteran
I'ma get it bouncing
Just when they comin' at me with counseling
Please sound the horn for this public announcement

I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
Just fill my drink up

Why they hatin' (Why?)
'Cause we fuckin' amazing
Why they lookin' at us with serious aggravation (Why?)
'Cause they got limitations
Why they wanna scrap with us cause the money we makin' (Why?)
They got no education
Why they women leave em to get with our congregation (Why?)
Because them niggas fake and we been awake
And when this kid bite me trippin' he did try me
Had to crack 'em had to get scrappy in this bizz naive
I spin his hair right around
Yes I did my G
He wanted to run up and get with the gun up because it was whizz by me
Did your man cause shes a fan and hold my biz highly
Doin any and every to score like she is Kyrie
In a drunken stupor she hit me with the kwizzz whyme
Cause we saw you can't handle liquor and hold a bwizz flylie
You bwi

I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
Just fill my drink up

Why we buzzin' (Why?)
Because we steady chuggin'
Now we leave the spot and we gotta go get to grubbin' (Why?)
'Cause we hungry all of a sudden
Why they got the table across us hella muggin' (Why?)
Because they think they thuggin'
Why y'all want the nook and not trippin' out over nothin' (Why?)
Because I am Mclovin
Girl I'm tryna smash
So hit the gas
Inebriated we made it straight to the path
I know you probably heard that I am the bag
I make hella cash and I do everything upper class
But what I'm boutta do is pour another glass
Get a couple of rice crispy edibles out the stash (Hold up)
We's about to have another blast
Got up out of her clothes ready to go and then I crashed (Gone)

But I ain't never getting drink up
Drink Caribou K respon, excessively
I ain't never giving drink up
I ain't never giving drink up
La la la la la