You say ah one for the trouble  two for the time 
Ah come on y'all  let's rock that
Duck! Or wind up DOWN!! 
Fiyah! Huh 
Pal Joey in the house  D Square in the house 
Check it out 
You're stuck up  your luck's up  you fucked up  you're mud up 
You can't even jump up  so shut the f*ck up 
Whattup? Tough love  buck buck bucka 
Is all you're gonna hear when KRS One step up 
I'm thick like syrup  no  I'm not ?Kura? 
Sit back and relax and watch the KRS era 
No I won't let up, because of how I'm set up 
I come in the jam with the crazy fresh lyrics so you get up 
MC's get wet up, they met up with atypical 
Subliminal, I'm original metaphysical Criminal Minder 
Fighter, petty gangster that flips em neither 
I simply grab the mic and make the party get liver 
I'ma, rhymer, with a tim-er attack 
To your mind, a reminder of what kind of headliner 
You'll see, when you come to the show 
BlastMaster KRS-One, Leo -- the Lion 
Cryin MC's they be cryin 
When they sizzle in a big pot grease beggin, "Please, please!" 
But I'll be efficient and flexin wisdom cuisine 
Then dismiss it as Kris and Kenny 
Rockin many, good n plenty 
Any MC tests me gets done 
Lyrically hung, I surgically remove his tongue 
Lyrics by KRS-One 
DUCK! Sucker MC's DUCK! 
BO! Duck down! 
Sucker MC's duck! 
DUCK! Sucker MC's Duck down! 
I don't battle to lose or win, I battle 
To ruin your whole career, yo, watch what you doin 
I'm permanent punk, like a metallic marker 
KRS-One, but you'll call me Mr. Parker 
A pity I'm K-are, you ain't no superstar 
Ha ha hee hee, BlastMaster KRS-One be 
Ripping up MC's with their meaningless words, why'know 
There's more wit, to one of my turds of shit 
You ain't shit, you never was shit 
So I spit, on your number one hit, now quit! 
Leave the poetry, it's just too strong for thee 
Maybe we should rethink the strategy see 
Poetry I speak, fluently I think youse a sucker 
Cause the only word you know is motherfucker 
Yo, you don't see a whole race in bondage 
No, you grab the microphone and feed em garbage 
Yo, everything about me is fresher than fresher 
Than fresher than fresh, of COURSE it's KRS 
Flashing lyrics, metaphysics, unlike you idiots 
Be doing, I'm pursuing, chewing your whole crew 
And what you feel like doin, your face they be ungluin 
Like a gift, don't step to KRS, you're dismissed! 
DUCK! DUCK! 
Sucker MC's duck down! 
DUCK! BO! 
Ree-WINNNNND!! 
DUCK! BO!