You can't roll a blunt to this one
You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J
You gotta puff a J on this one
You can't even drink Crist-owl on this one
You gotta drink Crist-all
Buy some red wine, a little Gocha

You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
Can I get my grown man on for one second?
Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be hanging wit' Jay-Z, Jay-Z

Lady, excuse me miss, what's your name?
Can you come, hang with me?
Possibly, can I take you out, tonight

You already know what it's hitting for
Ma I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sitting on
fifty fifty venture with them S dots kicking off
Armadale popping now, only bring a n**** more
Only thing missing is a Missus
You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner
To play spades with the cards up, all trust
Who else you goin' run with, the truth is us
Only dudes moving units, 'em, Pimp Juice and us
It's the Roc in here!
Maybach outside gots rocks in air
PJ's on the runway, Young got air
I don't land at a airport, I call it the clear port
Therefore, I don't wanna hear more
Back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla!

Excuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Lady (You gotta puff a J to this one
Can't roll a blunt up to this one boy)
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rolling with Jay-Z, Jay-Z
Lady! What's your name?
Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rolling with Jay-Z, Jay-Z

Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him.
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
Now she don't like him, she never met him
Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
Better them than me, she don't agree with him
She's mad at that, he's not having that
So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets
She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin along
With a flashy n**** bragging on the song
She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that
He 2-ways her, so she writes back
Smiley faces after all of her phrases
Either she the one or I'm caught in "The Matrix"
But f*** it, let the Fish-burne
Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon!

Excuse me, damn! (You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one)
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Lady (Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's, those are shoes by the way)
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
For the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy
Lady! What's your name?
So foxy girl, you're so hot to trot

Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one
You can easily get past, but that chapter is done
But I'm done reading for now
Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
But ma you got a for real f'serious role
I'm bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playing
But, before I jump out the window, what's your name?

Excuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Lady, you're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
So foxy girl, so hot to trot,
Lady! What's your name?
You're so foxy girl, you're so hot to trot