[Chorus: Marsha (Q-Tip)]
Money, cars, clothes, sexy broads, plenty more, go, get you some
(Mansion, lots, planes, Phantoms, bitch you better)
Go, get you some
(Hustling, juggling, robbing, stealing shit, I gotta get this fucking)
Money, cars, clothes, sexy broads, plenty more, go.. get you some
(Fortune, power, fame, passion for this shit you need to)
Go, get you some
(Don't stop, nigga we ain't done, gun it through your fucking road block)

[Busta Rhymes]
I'm saying who told y'all to let a motherfucker back on the block
with the bullshit, see y'all done fucked up now!
Turn the volume up and bang it out the trunk now!
You gotta problem son? Imagine how the club sound
Look and see I'm ready to spark it
Soon as I zoom on my target, motherfucker better roll out the carpet
See the way I coming through, and how I kick in the door
Watch how I coffee grind like never before, the way I wreck from the door
So I mack wit' em, passing em, when I'm speaking
I'm preaching, all my niggas out in every hood!
You trying to compete? You better be incredibly good!
Niggas you want heat? I figured you would!
That's I waste no time to give it to you niggas (this time)
And give you all the jewels in (this rhyme), and then I put it down to you all!
I can't get enough of it niggas, I gotta explore (many)
All of my options, I gotta get me plenty more

[Chorus]

[Busta Rhymes]
A lot of niggas shit sound dated
I'm like Shaq, franchise player just got traded
to the number one team in the league
See I ain't on J Records, I'm on DRE Records, Aftermath bitch!
You need to learn 'cause you ain't knowing the half, bitch!
And while I'm gone I'm putting dough in the stash, bitch!
So new and fresh I say it again
So what it do, don't test see I'ma blaze to the end
I'm coming through, so confess you niggas know who the kid
I'm like a newborn nigga, that's securing a win
(Hot!) So new and so current and they hate this
The streets'll classify in another level of greatness
I'm here to fix up the game, I'm giving it a face lift
New and improved, watch the way I make the game shift!
Now watch me swing it out the ballpark
I come to shut it down, don't let the war start while I come to get the

[Chorus]