Yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo
Yo yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo
All my ladies up! All my fellas up!

Rudebwoy
Yo yo yo yo, get up

[Chorus]
Just cause I'm guilty
All my ghettoes up! All my ghetto's up!
Weh dem deh?
There doing you wrong
Let's get it poppin', let's get it poppin', yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
Jamaica!
Just cause I'm guilty
We burn from Jamaica straight back to America
Don't live at all
Philly! Manhattan! Yo! Washington!
Let's get the party started!

Now all my niggas stay dirty dirty, buss rounds by the thirty thirty
Frontin' niggas y'all don't say a wordy wordy
I'm tired of y'all niggas frontin', and gettin' away
But y'all niggas ain't gone leave today
I got that hot nine seven shit, drop dime never bitch
y'all niggas know that I ain't even got the leverage
Pullin' out guns huh, never even usin' 'em
Bounty we pull our guns and damn near abusin' 'em
This goes out for my ghetto's in America
Real niggas stand if your fake I ain't hearin' ya
And I don't need you on my album to sell
My name rings bells, so take it to hell
This, is for New York, uh! stop that shit pause dog bitch rewind this
Oh, and I'm Swizz the monster
y'all can hate all y'all want Ruff Ryders the sponsor

Just cause I'm guilty
OK! That's right!
There doing you wrong
OK! That's right!
Just cause I'm guilty
OK! That's right!
Don't live it all
OK! That's right! A weh dem a deal wit?

From the streets of Jamaica I come with special delivery
Bounty Killer Swizz Beatz the new discovery
Why dem mess with us and know say shit wouldn't be lovely?
Last bwoy weh diss me well him still inna recovery
Now they want to cry when situation gettin' ugly
I am from the ghetto I know nothin bout your luxury
Hear dem cats they braggin bout it's all about the benjees
The riches and the bitches and the ice and the Bentley
I am from the streets where thuggies dyin plenty
Have to be careful if you die before your twenty
I make a vow mi haffi reach before mi seventy
Brought up inna this thing just for a century, yo!

Just cause I'm guilty
OK! That's right!
There doing you wrong
OK! That's right!
Just cause I'm guilty
OK! That's right!
Don't live it all
OK! That's right! Bounty Killer, Swizz Beatz

Yo, yo we comin' through we got that raw
Tell me what your workin' for
We don't care about the bouncers comin' through the front door
Swizz Beatz, Bounty Killer givin' you the hardcore
Everybody standin' up givin' up the encore

Swizz Beatz my logo my motto, fully represent ghetto
Swizz, on your mark, get ready then let's go
I got to get these pesos to end all my stress so
The whole world mi let know now punk cannot test you

We know it's all good till a playa act up (Easy)
And then I back up and make the clubs packed up
I, don't drink but I'll buy the bar
Give it all to the club but don't crash your car

Tell dem ghetto superstar, that's who we are
If that's not enough man a soldiers at war
With no riches and car, so fagots stay far
And a blar man a blar don't you see dem too hard?

Just cause I'm guilty
OK! That's right!
There doing you wrong
OK! That's right!
Just cause I'm

OK! That's right!
OK! That's right!

You just heard a world premiere, Swizz Beatz, Bounty Killer
This is our year, any haters yo get outta here!
Yo yo, yo yo yo, easy man, just bounce
Just bounce, I'm back on this scene
I got my feet playin' on the ground for you cowards huh!
Oh, yeah, y'all ain't ready for the war?!
Bounty! I'm a check you in Jamaica, I be in the hood in up top, New York
Or you catch me down at the dirty dirty, A.T.L.
Or you can catch me, on the west coast, that Cali Cali Cali Cali Cali
Catch me at that mid west, hey! I'm all over the world
Uh! Now be easy dog! one