It ain't for everybody 
Welcome to Hollywood baby 
Take my picture 
You comin with? 
Let's not even talk about it 
Let's do it 
Let's go 

[Beyonce] 
I see your jealousy as you're watching (I see you watching) 
You're watching ( It's all good) 
It's kinda sexy to me (I Love it) 
How you're watching, you're watching 
I see your face (i see your face) 
You want to touch it (you want to touch it) 
Come to my place (come to the crib) 
And let's discuss it (let's chop it up) 
Tonight you'll be (tonight you 'gon be a superstar baby) 
A superstar 
Come let me sign you up (let's get into it) 

[Chorus] 
Ooh it's the lights (you're blinded by the...) 
Action! (you need that...) 
Hollywood (Uh Uh Uh Uh) 
Ooh it's the lights (you're blinded by the...) 
Satisfaction (you need that...) 
Hollywood (Uh Uh Uh Uh c'mon) 

Paparazzi spots me in the lobby of my high rise 
I hide, behind my shades because the fame is blindin my eyes 
My god, I know how Ozzy Oz must have felt when he was oz hot 
As I have got, I have got to make this stop 
People often warn me that the fame ain't for the faint of heart 
It'll change those 'cause if they had love for you into strangers 
When the fame starts, it's a chain reaction 
Locomotion like when a train departs 
Stranger things have happened 
Rappin stackin platinum plaques 
Born in Brooklyn, Got a place in Manhattan 
Goin back to Brooklyn to escape the madness 
When your friends is Chris & Gwyneth when your girl is more famous than Juventus 
Then it's time to get all your windows tinted 
Keep your eyes squinted it's gon flash any minute 
The music biz is like musical chairs 
It's about where you stand when the music stop spinnin... 

[Chorus] 

[Beyonce] 
You got to get it (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh) 
Do you want it? (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh) 
But you don't need it (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh) 
'Til you do, 'til you do (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh) 

Hey Mister, page sixer 
A-Lister, you're in the midst of 
The ride of your life, but you gotta keep them hits up 
Can't put your guard down, gotta keep your mits up 
Take a sip sir, it's so intoxicating ain't it? 
Try not to get jaded 
Hollywood's been good to ya 
Startin to feel like buzz to ya 
Don't lie, go on fly, you're addicted to the light 
Without the fame, how you gon' survive? 
It's like bein on heroin, you so high 

[Beyonce] 
And everybody's warning you about it (I tried to told you) 
And once you taste it you can't live without it (It's addicting) 
Not 'cause you choose to not live without it (you sure you want this baby) 
It's now a part of you, it's now a part of you (It's a part of you) 
And everybod's warning you about it 
And once you taste it you can't live 

[Chorus] 

Wanna be seen now, groupies 
Now you've become what you once despised 
James Dean, John Belushi, blow your whole life trying to live in the lights 
Heroin's following, Marijuane hopping over the edge 
It's like Janis Joplin 
River Pheonix, Jimi Hendrix 
Jimmy Morrison all of them ended by Hollywood 
Thank God for Hollywood 
Hollywood 
You sure you want this baby? 
Hollywood, it's the most addicting drug in the world 
You want the fame 
You want the lights