Alright, boys and girls
You finally made it to the end of the album
I hope you learned somethin?
But the best is yet to come
Welcome to Hustlenomics

Who would've imagined that life would be so good, nigga? Now I'm on
?Cause I'm tired of all the games, nigga, now I'm grown
Tell you what the game's missing, right from wrong
Respect game, young nigga, tell them haters so long

You can call me Malcolm X, I hustle by any means
Take the blow, break it down, weigh it on triple beams
I'll cook it, I'll whip it, I'll ship it, I'll flip it
I'll rock 'til the motherfuckin? Feds come knockin?

The owner of the hand, I can be the middleman
Best if you don't know the man I just tax an extra grand
I get you what you want, we call that captain and the booker
Hustlenomics, yeah, I'll chop you one, I got it if you want it

I'm from the slums and the sticks turned crumbs into bricks
Got a bum full of knicks, gun full of hollow tips
And where I'm from we shared everything, we called it hand-me-downs
I implemented Hustlenomics, pimp, look at me now

Who would've imagined that life would be so good, nigga? Now I'm on
?Cause I'm tired of all the games, nigga, now I'm grown
Tell you what the game's missing, right from wrong
Respect game, young nigga, tell them haters so long

I can show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle
Let me show you how to hustle, welcome to Hustlenomics
Let me show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle
I can show you how to hustle, nigga, welcome to Hustlenomics

Grab a number two pencil ?cause I'm 'bout to test, niggas
This game about to drop, shit, I'm 'bout to bless, niggas
I tell 'em no cheating's allowed, eyes on your test, nigga
I graduated with honors ?cause see, I was the best, nigga

Two plus two don't equal four in my world
Seventeen five, get your ass thirty-six O's of that girl
Okay, class, let's settle down, you better pay attention
?Cause I bet the class clown end up in Federal detention

And when I say detention I ain't talkin? after school
?Cause if you're slippin? on your pimpin? you'll be rockin? county blues
Quit trickin? on these hoes, man, they guarantee to choose
Stop trigger your re-up or you're guaranteed to lose

Guarantee you slicker with your hustle, do it like the mob do
Learn to talk in code, learn to keep the law up off you
?Cause you niggas keep snitchin? and hoes keep talkin?
Either they throw away the key or they gon' put you in a coffin

Who would've imagined that life would be so good, nigga? Now I'm on
?Cause I'm tired of all the games, nigga, now I'm grown
Tell you what the game's missing, right from wrong
Respect game, young nigga, tell them haters so long

I can show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle
Let me show you how to hustle, welcome to Hustlenomics
Let me show you how to hustle, show you how to hustle
I can show you how to hustle, nigga, welcome to Hustlenomics

If you made it to this portion of the album
Give yourselves a round of applause, man
I wanna say thank you personally from the bottom of my heart
For takin? the time to ride with me, nigga

To wake up to this shit, to go to sleep to this shit
To thug to this shit, to get money for this shit, nigga
Hustlenomics is what it is
It's not a campaign for motherfuckin? attention

This is what I do, like I said, if you listen to this shit
[Incomprehensible] what you do, nigga, get money
Block ENT
