Guys, Michael Bolton is here
Oh great, send him in.
Hey guys
Hey, thanks for coming.
How's it goin'?
I'm really sorry I'm late
I just got caught up watching the Pirates of the Caribbean marathon
Have you seen those things?
Oh yeah, yeah, those are, those are great.
Well I checked out the track and I loved it,
And I wrote you this big, sexy hook I think you're gonna really dig.
Oh wow that's great, awesome.
You wanna just lay it down?
Boys let's get to it (to it to it to it)

Uh, Lonely Island, Michael Bolton (Yeah)
The night starts now
Together on the track, the boys are back
The night starts now
Night starts now, baby, roll with us
Chickens snapping at the neck when we rollin' up (Rollin' up!)
Blow through the doors, ain't no holdin' up
Black card at the bar like I gives a f*ck (Come on!)

Ladies shifty eyed when we walk into the set
F*ck the fellas looking jealous
Play the back and get wet (Yeah yeah)
Three pound in my waist, shank in my sock,
You either get cut, get stuffed or get shot.

This is the tale of Captain Jack Sparrow
Pirate so brave on the seven seas (What?)
A mystical quest to the isle of Tortuga
Raven locks sway on the ocean's breeze

Yeah that was kinda weird, but we're back in the club
Buying up the bar so the groupies show us love (Keira Knightley!)
Motherfucking ice-man, I'm the top gunner
Heater on blast, I'm the number one stunner (Jack Sparrow!)

Watch it girl cause I ain't your "Mr. Nice Guy",
More like the "meet ya, take you home and f*ck you twice guy"
(Yeah yeah!)
All dressed up with nowhere to run,
And now I make you feel crazy with the-
(Now back to the good part!)

From the day he was born
He yearned for adventure (No!)
Old Captain Jack (Yeah)
Giving them what for
He's the pauper of the surf
The jester of Tortuga (Oh God)
But is Davy Jones' locker
What lies in store? (Yeah, we've seen the movie)

Throw your hands in the air
And say hell yeah

Captain Jack (What?)
Johnny Depp (No)

From the front to the back
Say we count stacks c'mon

Davy Jones (Nope)
Giant squid (Wrong)

Michael Bolton we're really gonna need you to focus up

Roger that let me try it with another film (Wait)
Life is a box of chocolates and my name is Forrest Gump (Not better)
Though I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed
I give Jenny all my love (Come on)
Okay, then I'm a legal aid
Erin Brockovich is my name (Oh God)
Then you can call me Scarface
Snortin' mountains of cocaine (Close enough)
You cockroaches wanna play rough?
Okay, I'm reloaded! Ha ha!

This is the tale of Tony Montana
Cubano flame with the Miami nuts
(Take it home!)
Got a basehead wife
But her womb is polluted
This whole town's a pussy
Just waiting to get fucked
Just waiting to get fucked!
(Okay it turns out Michael Bolton is a major cinephile)
You complete me (Yeah, yeah okay)