[Chorus: x2]
Stop moving so slow
I got mouths to feed
Hurry up and lets go
I got mouths to feed
Rain, hail, sleet, snow
I got mouths to feed
So you already know I'm bout to get to that paper

Listen, look I gotta feed my family by all means necessary. 
Cause pay checks are coming up shorter than February.
Can't get a real job, I never finished school.
Can't get no new close, I wore the same tennis shoes.
But now the games changed, 
I'm all about the hustle.
And even honkey knows best, I'm all about the muscle, 
I'm all about my team, 
I'm all about my green. 
I'm 'bout supply and demand, 
I'm 'bout to serve the fiends.
And I'm a working dream
I keep the circuit clean.
See I'm the fucking future, I'm a working machine
Don't trust a soul I'm the only one watching my cream so I stay in heavy rotation like a washing machine

[Chorus: x2]

Mother fucker, I'm a monster in this game,
I turn twenty into fifty
Fifty to a hundred and a hundred to a Bentley
Bentley to a building and a building to a scraper.
Can't keep up with the news but I get that daily paper.
And you's a daily hater cause my foot game is major.
After a while crocodile, see ya later alligator.
My baby need new shoes, her momma need Giuseppe's
Mercedes need new shoes surrounded with Pirelli's
A finger to the world I paid my dues and I'm ready
To pack up all the tools and just cruise in the Chevy
Million dollars deals making moves on my cellie cause I owe it to my girl to put food in her belly

[Chorus: x2]

Wake up and smell the coffee. its time to make the donuts
A kid who had a kid, my kid made me a grown up
You ever threaten mines I won't resist to put the chrome up
My guns'll be like gang signs (always getting thrown up)
Atlanta put your zone up
We true to these streets
I got 12 hungry artists, whole crew gotta eat
So hell no I don't sleep I'm like an energizer battery
Got 19 employees I gotta pay they salaries
My momma quit her job and I retired my pops
Got killers on the payroll, I hired some cops
I accept responsibility, they all pay rent
So if it don't make dollars then it don't make sense.

[Chorus: x2]