[Karma] 
Daddy is that your car on TV?

[Ludacris]
You better believe it is baby
Now go in the other room
It's about to be some grown folks talking here, okay?
All right

Yeah, things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be (okay)
Like all these faking ass rappers in this industry (tell 'em!)
Talking 'bout what they got and they ain't got a damn thing
How you own three cars but you don't own your own name? (woo!)
Get your business right boys, the first class is in session (okay)
Get a entertainment lawyer in the music profession (hey!)
Start up your own company, trademark the name
That's goin' run ya about a grand so start saving your change (DTP!)
Open a bank account quick and then follow these steps (uh-huh)
Sign yourself TO yourself and start signing ya own checks (woo!)
Hit the booth and start recording at the speed and need
Whatever gets your juices flowing, could be speed or weed (what else?)
Get it mixed and mastered (hey) pressed up and plastered (okay)
Sell it to your whole hood out the trunk, ya bastard!
Show all the non-believers what you destined to be (hey!)
And in just a couple years you could be rich like me!

[Chorus: Ludacris]
But I can't hold my tongue, I'ma tell it like it is
This biz ain't all fun, I'ma tell it like it is
Give it to you straight, no chase, I'ma tell it like it is
Look you straight in yo' face and I'ma tell it like it is
I can't hold my tongue, I'ma tell it like it is
This biz ain't all fun, I'ma tell it like it is
Give it to you straight, no chase, I'ma tell it like it is
Look you straight in yo' face and I'ma tell it like it is

[Ludacris]
See mostly all your favorite artists got some serious problems (yup)
Their money could be the problem but money can't solve 'em (nope)
Some get addicted to drugs and flat out lazy (woo)
Some taste a little fame and go flat out crazy (woo!)
I'm close cause those close wanna live off my fame (yup)
And that type of shit alone'll drive a nigga insane (crazy!)
Not to mention all the vultures, the scandalous promoters (okay)
Crabs'll try to sue you, magazines'll misquote ya
Most of these label heads, they don't care nothing about ya (nah)
If you stop selling records they'll act like they don't know ya
It's hard mixing business with pleasure so don't play
Me and my crew argue and fight like every other DAY (for real!)
Rappers ain't above the law but our life is so fast
That we got a special task force of police on our ass (true that)
All that, and this is really just the start of it (just the start of it)
Hip-Hop!  You really wanna be a part of it?

[Chorus: Ludacris]

[Ludacris]
Let's go!
What's worse than having no money is having it and losing it (yup)
What's worse than having some money is grabbing and abusing it (yup)
We never took no money from Chingy, thought I was cool with him (nah)
I wish his ass well but I don't want nothing to do with him (woo!)
Some don't own they publishing me?  I never fool with 'em (nah)
I'm down for my artists, try my best to stay true to 'em (believe it)
Cause outside my label competition is irrelevant (DTP!)
Unless I'm still in competition with my president (what up Jay?)
And believe that I'm supporting the Hova
Cause the industry's shady, it needs to be taken over (okay!)
But the first rule to accumulation of wealth (what's that?)
Is don't trust nobody but your GOD damned self!

[Chorus: Ludacris]

[Karma] 
Daddy are you finished with grown folk talk?

[Ludacris]
Yeah baby you can come back in here
Come give Daddy a kiss, you know I love you right?

[Karma] 
And I love you, always!