Look at all the people lined up outside, 
This must be the place 
I see beautiful women dressed in black, 
Everyone a pretty face 

Red lips, tight hips, hey little girl 
You make my heart do flips 
Baby please, don't tease, can't you see 
I love you I'm on my knees 

Something is wrong with this picture 
She doesn't like the way I dance 
Why is everybody just standin' around 
Lookin' for true romance 

I'm looking at you and what do I see 
Love in the 21st Century 
I know what you're thinking 
What's in it for me? 

That's love in the 21st Century, 
Love in the 21st Century 
Tell me do I look like a desperate man 
Champagne and flowers in my hand 

I don't know her, she don't know me 
She's my video date, she's my destiny 
Do you like to party? (yeh, yeh, yeh) 
Do you want to settle down? (no, no, no) 

Do you like my kind of music? (yeh, yeh, yeh) 
Do you want to mess around? (whoa, whoa, whoa) 
Something is wrong with this picture 
She doesn't even look the same 

Whatever a poor boy does these days 
Love is still a losing game 
I'm looking at you, you're looking at me 
It's love in the 21st Century 

We're living in pictures, we want what we see 
That's love in the 21st Century 
Where do you go? What do you do? 
How can somebody make his dreams come true? 

What does everybody need desperately? 
Love in the 21st Century, love in the 21st Century 
She wants to party, love on the line 
She likes to party, love on the line 

It's the same sad story all over this world 
Every man looking for the perfect girl 
He sees her everyday in a magazine 
Sees her everynight on a T.V. screen 

Something is wrong with this picture 
Has everybody gone insane? 
Whatever a poor boy does these days 
You can't find love and it's a cryin' shame 

I can't touch you and you can't touch me 
It's love in the 21st Century 
It's all imagination and fantasy 
That's love in the 21st Century 

You can get it by mail, you can get it by phone 
You can get it late at night when you're all alone 
What does everybody want desperately? 
Love in the 21st Century 

We need love in the 21st Century
