Let me tell you about a girl I know
She had a drink about an hour ago
Sitting in a corner by herself in a bar in downtown hell
She heard a noise and she looked through the door
And saw a man she'd never seen before
Light skin light blue eyes a double chin and a plastic smile
Well her eyebrow raised as he walked through the door
And took an empty seat next to her at the bar
"my brand new car is parked right outside. how'd ya like to go for a ride?"
And she said."wait a minute I have to think."
He said, "that's fine. may I please buy you a drink"
One drink turned into 3 or 4 and they left and got into his car
And they drove away someplace real far

Now babe the time has come
How'd ya like to have a little fun?
And she said." if we could only please be on our way, I will not run."

That's when things got out of control
She didn't want to, he had his way
She said, "let's go"
He said, "no way!"
Come on babe it's your lucky day
Shut your mouth, were gonna do it my way
Come on baby don't be afraid
If it wasn't for date rape I'd never get laid

He finished up and he started the car
He turned around and drove back to the bar
He said."now baby don't be sad, in my opinion you weren't half-bad."
She picked up a rock, threw it at the car, hit him in the head, now he's got a big scar
Come on party people won't you listen to me
Date rape stylie

The next day she went to her drawer, looked up her local attorney at law
Went to the phone and filed the police report and then she took the guy's ass to court
Well, the day he stood in front of the judge he screamed, " she lies that little slut!"
The judge knew that he was full of shit and he gave him 25 years
And now his heart is filled with tears

That night in jail it was getting late
He was butt-raped by a large inmate, and he screamed
But the guards paid no attention to his cries

That's when things got out of control
The moral of the date rape story, it does not pay to be drunk and horny
But that's the way it had to be
They locked him up and threw away the key
Well, I can't take pity on men of his kind
Even though he now takes it in the behind

That's the way it had to be
They locked him up and threw away the key
Well, I can't take pity on men of his kind
Even though he now takes it in the behind

Date rape

She didn't want to take it!