
 

Oooh  baby  I like the sound when 
The switch is on  and you start poundin' 
Out my radio and pretty soon 
Salt and Pepa will boom into the room 

Clap your hands now people  clap hard 
Clap your hands now people  clap your hands 
Clap your hands now people  stomp your feet 
Clap your hands now people  clap with me 

Listen hard and tell me what you hear 
Is it noise or is it def beats in your ear? 
You said you want one, and now you got some 
Vicious snare, high hats, and a bass drum 
First the mix empress to impress you 
Cutting right on time and I'll bet you 
Didn't know it (did you?), you can't believe it (could you?) 
Word to life, I swear, we wouldn't kid you 
And she can cut it up like a wild animal 
Slicing and dicing away as a cannibal does 
'cause only a beauty can make you people clap with me 

Who is the best? 
We are the best! 
Who's one of the best? 

You're one of the best! 

Why am I so def? Why don't I have flaws? 
Why do I cut for Salt and Pepa? Because 
When my turntable talks your body will listen 
To a message ??? tested and kickin' 
Out of my speakers and into your sneakers 
Providing conversation for the woofers and tweeters 
When I play the Technics obey 
'cause I'm a fader translator, a mixboard slave 
And I'm-a do like this on 'em...this on 'em 

When I'm on the floor, beat is like romance 
The rhythm makes love to me as I dance 
And from what I see it's about to be 
A relationship between beauty and the beat 
Word up y'all, it's a royal ball 
Turn hip-hop clubs into concert halls 
Inside is live, if I use up highs 
Twelve hundred ???? 
Power in high drive, the woofers don't lie 
Opposites attract so the birthrate's high 
Your chest and ribcage the bass is poking at 
(Lower the what?) Stop joking... 
We can't do that it possess power 
You ask how-a people get louder 

(Uh, step aside, sir... 
Sir, will you please step aside for the...) 
Salt and Pepa MC's represent beauty 
We want y'all to see why we're the only 
Nominee nominated representing our race 
This jam is dedicated to all the pretty faces 
And we're gonna rock like you like 
Spinderella on the mix, Salt and Pepa on the mike 
And we can satisfy your desire 
We can make your body perspire 
Make the men all want to get with it 
Then take 'em down to the ultimate 
Sounds and I say: Spinderella's not a fella 
But a girl DJ! 

