Yeah what-up Detroit?
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ah! They didn't do it again,
What-what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggas two times Dr. Dre?
Oh fo' sure!
Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what, what-what-what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie,
Yeah, you know! What's crackin' Dre?

Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
And watch mosh pits 'til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds, me and Snoop draw, is niggas from Crenshaw
From Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggas again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-side!) Came a long way, to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein' Andre,
But I

Somehow, someway tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggas up and show em where da f*ck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin' son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same, bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot, what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin' in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whats up Slim?) Whattup cu'? (What up Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
With the King of the motherfuckin' West coast, bay-bay!

And you don't really wanna f*ck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
F*ck around and make me bust, this heat
That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

I'm the head nigga in charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the body bag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust?  They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please, you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees, come on

And you don't really wanna f*ck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
F*ck around and make me bust, this heat
That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

And you don't really wanna f*ck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
F*ck around and make me bust, this heat
That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

Aw naw, big slim dog
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy bay-bay
He's Shday!
He's so crazy!
Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin' a living
Off of the world's misery, what in the world gives me the right
To say what I like, and walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at moms, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin' up like a nerd on T-V
Or heard the C-D usin' the fag word so freely
It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you fagot
You happy now?
Look here
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a four-four (a four-four)

And you don't really wanna f*ck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
F*ck around and make me bust, this heat
That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

And you don't really wanna f*ck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
F*ck around and make me bust, this heat
That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
Come on, yeah!
