(Krayzie)
Who be the niggas that's sneakin' the pistol up in the party
Drinkin' that 151 Bacardi
Drunk and finna f*ck up somebody... (Bone Thugs)
Keepin' it realer than real in the field
Niggas that's packin' that steel
Who be the niggas that soldover 30 million strong... (Bone Thugs)
Who be the niggas in black
Who be the niggas with straps
Who be the niggas that's bustin' back at the got-damned law... (Bone Thugs)
Who be the niggas that "Crept On Ah Comeup" and did it Eazy
Who be the niggas that's daily got down foe they thang leadin'
Cleveland... (Bone Thugs)
Smokin' the weed or the fever, the reefer
that keep em a pot of the sweetest cheeba
Nigga why'all... 
why'all know who that is... (Bone Thugs)
Them niggas that sing, them niggas that rap
They got everybody tryin' to do that
F*ck recognize, nigga ya better respect, who...who...who... (Bone Thugs)
I told these niggas that Bone is the shit
So keep on rollin ya spliff
And smoke a blunt to this shit... (Bone Thugs)...

(Layzie)
Who was the niggas that thugged in the streets, number one on the charts
And who was the niggas that's pullin' ya card
The niggas that show we got nothin' but heart...(Bone Thugs)
Now who was the niggas that come to my side when its about murder
My niggas...my niggas'll hurt ya
ya better believe it, we comin' to serve ya... (Bone Thugs)
We be them niggas foe life
Mentality tight, doin' what we like
Now who was them niggas that told ya to get down foe ya rights... (Bone Thugs)
Now who be the niggas that step in the club makin' everyting pause
So fresh, so clean, no flaws
who be the rawest clique you done saw... (Bone Thugs)
Damned right, we keep it original out fo' the door
We hit 'em up quick with a flip flow flow and then we introduce you to
Mo!... (Bone Thugs)
The niggas that reignin' supreme
Hustled to conquer our dream, dream
Forever untouchable team
What niggas be out here gettin this cream... (Bone Thugs)
Blowin' green, roll through the hood, glock cocked on safety
And who be the niggas that knew you was fake
but stayin' away form why'all lately... (Bone Thugs)
Li'l Layzie be that nigga that's statin' them facts
And you cn put this on Stack
'Cause muthafucka we back... 

(Hook)
Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone, Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone Bone
(Hey Yo!)

(Wish)
Who be the niggas that thug in the back of the club
Ready to scrap, nigga buck, nigga what
Who be the niggas that check ya, disrespect ya...(Bone Thugs)
Who be the niggas that want to maintain
And do them thug thang
But if disrespected who gon let it bang... (Bone Thugs)
Who was the niggas we rushed
Who was the niggas that talk about us
Who was the nigga that say that the thugsta mentality
better him than us... (Bone Thugs)
Bone Thugs, finally let loose
Total control, whose business is it anyway... (Bone Thugs)
Gotta Life
Better leave it alone
Been suppressed too long
Now that we out on our own
Ya gotta see the free Bone... (Bone Thugs)
Who be the niggas that come in anybody hood and striaght kick it
Who be the niggas that always got that weed, the drink, and dyme bitches
I'm tired of hearin' "What happened to us?"
"When will we hear a Bone bust?"
Who be the niggas that's bringin' that thuggish ruggish no matter what...
(Bone Thugs) Believe we nothin' but truth
What would the game do
Without you know who
niggas that say and do what they want to... (Bone Thugs)...

(Bizzy)
This rap game terror
Money, murda mo, and allt hat good shit
scandalous niggas, respect this... (Bone Thugs)
Ask about my... 20 inch deep dish rims
Son of a chicken, it ain't no friends
when it come to the end... (Bone Thugs)
And I'ma say word to gangstas
Real killers with money to burn
Sayin we a lost cause, foster kids-preach the world... (Bone Thugs)
Thank god that I had a father
I'm pushed in that coco with my sister
when I was 14 like cancer victims... (Bone Thugs)
Uh huh
Cause haters they get quarantined
Women they comin' with sorcery
I'm livn' with curses, smokin wed... (Bone Thugs
Burn me
Don't bury me
Hurry 'fore my momma see me
Somebody call Johnnie Cochran
Some niggas they want to be Biggie
Some niggas they want to be pac
But I just want to be Bizzy
As soon as they hear me?????
Like Richard Sim-mi
Don't run away, where's your nuts at
It's the original hydro smokers, somebody bust that
Trust that, what's packin'... (Bone Thugs)

(Hook)

