Follow me into a solo,  get in the flow
And you could picture, like a photo
Music makes mellow, maintains to make
Melodies for MCs, motivates the breaks
I'm everlasting; I can go on for days and days
With rhyme displays that engrave deep as x-rays
I can take a phrase that's rarely heard
Flip it now it's a daily word
I can get illin' at normal killin'
Bambino along, Rakim'll remain calm
Self esteem make me super superb and supreme
Before a microphone, still, I fiend
This was a take, I wasn't supposed to break
I was supposed to wait, but let's motivate
I wanna see 'em keep followin' and swallowin'
Takin' the makin', bitin' and borrowin'
Brothers try and others die to get the formula
But I'm a let 'cha sweat.  You still ain't warm
You a step away from frozen, stiff as if you're posin'
Dig into my brain as the rhyme gets chosen
So follow me, and while you're thinking you were first
Let's travel adventitious at speeds around the universe
What could you say as the earth gets further and further away
Planets as small as balls of clay?
Astray into the Milky Way, world's out of sight
As far as the eye can see, not even a satellite
Now stop and turn around and look
As you stare into the darkness, your knowledge: took!
So keep starin', soon you suddenly see a star
You better follow it 'cause it's the "R"
This is a lesson.  If you're guessin' and if you're borrowin'
Hurry hurry step right up and keep followin'
The Leader
 
Follow the leader
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Keep Followin'
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"

This is a lifetime mission
Vision a prison.  All right, listen
In this journey, you're the journal, I'm the journalist
Am I eternal or an eternalist?
I'm about to flow long as I can possibly go
Keep you movin' 'cause the crowd said so
Dance!  Cuts rip your pants
Eric B. on the blades, bleedin' death.  Call an ambulance!
Pull out my weapon and start to squeeze
A magnum as a microphone, murderin' MCs
Let's quote a rhyme from a record I wrote
"Follow the Leader!"  ...Yeah, dope!
'Cause every time I stop, you see, just duck
As soon as you try to step off you self-destruct
I came to overcome before I'm gone
By showin' and provin' and lettin' knowledge be born
Then after that I'll live forever.  You disagree?
You say, "Never?"  Then follow me
From century to century, you'll remember me
In history, not a mystery or a memory
Called by nature, mind raised in Asia
Since you was tricked, I had to raise ya
From the cradle to the grave
But remember, you're not a slave
'Cause we were put here to be much more than that
But we couldn't see because our mind was trapped
But I'm here to break away the chains, take away the pains
Remake the brains, rebuild my name
Again, somebody told you, a little knowledge is dangerous
It can't be mixed, diluted, it can't be changed with a
Switch.  Here's a lesson if you're guessin', if you're borrowin'
Hurry hurry step right up and keep followin'
The Leader
 
Follow the leader
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"

A fear if I freestyle lyrics-a-fury
My third eye make me shine like jury
You're just a rented rapper, you're rhymes are minute-maid
I'll be here when they fade, I'll watch you flip like a renegade
I can't wait to break and eliminate
On every trade of my snake so stay awake
And follow and follow 'cause the tempo's a trail
The stage is a cage, the mic is a third rail
I'm Rakim, the fiend of a microphone
I'm not him, so leave my mic alone
Soon as the beat is felt, I'm ready to go
So fasten your seatbelt 'cause I'm about to flow
No need to speed, slow down and let the leader lead
Word to Daddy...  Indeed!
The "R's" a rollin' stone, so I'm rollin'
Directs the tone then rhymes are stolen
Stop buggin'!  A brother said, "Dig him?"  I never dug him
He couldn't follow the leader long enough so I drug him
It's a danger zone, he should arrange his own
Face it, to space it, grace it, change the tone
There's one "R" in the alphabet
It's a one letter word and it's about to get
More complex from one rhyme to the next
Eric B., be easy on the flex
I've been from state to state.  Follow us.  Tailgate
Keep comin', but you came too late, but I'll wait
So back up your group, get a grip, come equipped
You're the next contestant.  Clap your hands.  You won a trip
The price is right.  Don't make a deal too soon
How many notes?  Could you name this tune?
"Follow the Leader" is a title they task
Now you know; you don't have to ask
Rappers' rhythm and poetry, cuts create sound effects
You might get junked if you follow the records he wrecks
Until then, keep eatin' and swallowin'
You better take a deep breath and keep followin'
The Leader
 
Follow the leader. 
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Keep followin'.
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
The "R!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Peace."
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Follow the leader.
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"  Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Rakim'll say, "Follow the leader!"
Follow the leader!
Kaboom!
