
One for the money, Yeah. two for the bass,
Three to get ya goin'
'cause Da Brat's in the place.
One for the money, Yeah. two for the bass,
Three to get ya goin'
'cause Da Brat's in the place.
 
It's me, the O.G. funk bandit. (Who's that?)
The B. to the R.A.T., and in fact , if you ain't 
Heard of me, take a seat, lay back and listen as I 
Bust on this funkdafied mission.
Just kick off you shoes, relax your feet. (That's right.)
party on down with Da Brat and her beat.
Now, it goes like that and that's how it goes.
Open up your doors and let that funk flow.
So listen up, make sure you listen up well and don't
Miss it 'cause this be bad as hell.
Truth of the matter is, I splatter kids try'n' to dis in a 
Gangster way that's how them fools get dealt with.
So, whatcha wanna do? Don't even trip.
Step up, step up and I'm gonna bust your lip.
Now, I know that you know that I know you don't want me to, but 
Keep on trippin' and I'm gonna give it 2 ya
 
Ha, gonna give it 2 ya.
Ha, I'm gonna give it 2 ya.
Ha, I'm gonna give it 2...Ha.
 
Brat is the fantastic, romantic, single-handed bandit and damnit.
Don't get no better. Better it don't get no more than the
Flow that I flow for those that don't know.
Devastating, captivating, elevating as I.
Operating and I love to get high. So, just
Fire it up, say what? Baby, fire it up. At your request
I guess it's time for me to blaze on up. It goes
one puff, two puff, three puff, four from the 
Bottom to the top , top to bottom I go. 
So, now you know what I ain't and what I is
Is the baddest little pimp in this hip-hop biz.
O.G. is what I am. A Brat is what I be.
You know what I smoke and you can't see me.
So, let it go 'cause I'm wrapped too tight.
Take it how I give it and enjoy the night ride.
 
Ha, yeah, it's like that. It's like that
For the night, fine is Da Brat, funkdafied
And you don't know?  You better ask somebody, baby.
Givin' it to' ya, yeah
J.D., what you think 'bout this right here, boy? 
Come on, come on.
 
Word up, hey.  Word up, hey.  Word up, hey.
For real though.
Word up, hey.  Word up, hey. Word up, hey.
For real though.
Ha, gonna give it 2 ya.
Ha, I'm gonna give it 2 ya.
Ha, I'm gonna give it 2. Ha.
Ha, gonna give it 2 ya.
Ha, I'm gonna give it 2 ya.
Ha, I'm gonna give it 2. Ha.
 
 


