I say first priorities, are discussing me 
At Macy is at about half three 
What you munching on? 
Ur Quarter-pounder with cheese? 
Chatting about me and my abilities 
Now S.O.V you wish! 
S.O.V can't speak! 
S.O.V just quit! 
Aw whatever don?t talk with your mouth full! 
That's right discussing me, it?s all publicity 
Even if you don't like me your still dashing my name around the city 
Its all good though, blup blup publicity for free! 
White midget, a huh might fidget 
Somebody just dialed my digits 
Is it for your nan? Ha! Is it? Flatter for the way that you use your credit 
If you go say I'm nobody 
Well if I'm nobody then why are you ringing me?! 
You drained your credit that's filling it 
Wow my style, you sure your not feeling it? 

[Chorus]
What we tell them? In one ear and it comes straight out the other 
Repeating yourself like you got a stutter 
With all your mutter like 
Why do we ever suffer? I dunno 
All your words in my brain turning into clutter 
Repeating yourself like you got a stutter 
With all your mutter like 

People want to classify me as an Eminem 
What hear what I'm a different kind of specimen 
Just because I be a white Caucasian 
Doesn't mean me and him are the same because 
One I'm not American 
Two I'm not a man 
Three I come into with a different kind of plan 
Setting the facts straight cos I know that I can 
Will it ever wait cos I do the ultravan 
Categories I don't fit into any 
Why? I'm onto top the stars many 
Writing out more lines than Burberry 
Then it will be like a victim of 20 
(spits) 
Make them drink my saliva off the floor 
That spit not spat 
When I walked in the door 
Release my metaphor 
Like cor blimey its the while girl ess oh vee! 

[Chorus]

Yo listen up 
I know you don't boast about me over your Sunday roast 
Or mid-morning cheese on toast 
But when I found out you?re talking 
Its all different you start squawking 
SOV I never said that!? 
SOV you know you ain't white? 
SOV I love your track? 
Well what you want bitch a pound in d bank? 
I?m varying cos I'm soon to be beg friend 
From the bed friend comes the next blahbarian 
They only start caring when your preparing the next big riddem 
That gets the kids
And Oh god I got posh people swearing 
The rich (ch-ching) the poor the snobs the whores 
Oh dear Blahbarians galore! 

Shut up! in 1 ear and it comes straight out the other 
Repeating yourself like you got a stutter 
With all your mutter like 
Why do we ever suffer? 
All your words in my brain turning into clutter 
Repeating yourself like you got a stutter 
With all your mutter like