When duty call  the leader Pep come hard 
Try to dis my girl Salt  up goes my guard 
Still feminine  feminine still  yes 
But then next pump a hundred weight bench press 
So what it mean  Pep? I'm not impressed 
'Cause I wear the pants  and you wear the dress 
Punk  you're lovin' stunk  you're not a hunk 
This is independent funk 

And I'm gettin' ready for the year 2000 
Independent, yes  I'm housin' 
Independent, yeah, now watch me 
Independent, no one can stop me 

Woman and I am independent 
I make my own money so don't tell me how to spend it 
'Cause you need me, and I don't need you 
So listen close, boy, to my independent funk 
Yeah, can you feel it? 
Yes, it's my, it's my independent funk 

(Yawn) You're sleepy, go to bed 
want to step? Go ahead and jet 
Now wake up from your dreamin' 'cause you're dealin' with the Pep 
Like Oakley from the Knicks, yes, I'm havin' a ball 
You think because you're leaving that I'm gonna take a fall? 
It was small thing, oooo, it was really too small 
Livin' large, boy, standing ten feet tall 
Now my heart won't dent, keep the money I lent 
And don't forget I pay the rent, this is my apartment 
I'm independent 

I am independent 
That's right I said it, and be damn sure I meant it 
'Cause a girl like me can have anybody 
So give my love, boy, to my independent funk 
Hey 

Salty the V.I.P., you should have stuck with me 
What are you stupid? Huh, my pockets run deep 
So flex the Rolex and the sex that I gave ya 
In jail with no bail and now nothin' can save ya 
You want me to visit? I ain't with it lizard 
We had magic now ya lost without the love wizard 
Ya had to cross me, and now you lost me 
Get off me softy, I'm the boss, see? 
You can't disguise the lies in your eyes - you're not a heartbreaker 
You're a fraud, and I'm bored - you're a fake faker 
It's too late to debate with the moneymaker 
After while, crackhead - see ya later, gator 

Woman and I am independent 
I make my own money so don't tell me how to spend it 
'Cause you need me, and I don't need you 
So listen close, boy, to my independent funk 
Yeah, so funky, so funky 

No, no, no more nookie for you 'cause I gave ya the boot 
Go ahead and go in your Yugo, gonna miss the Benz Coupe, hometroop 
Who's supportin' ya now? 
Got a job or do ya rob? I heard you're sellin' drugs - wow 
Big man, huh? But just understand Uncle Sam know the scam 
You'll end up in the can 
Singin' a sad song 'cause you did me wrong 
Couldn't fool me for long, I got it goin' on 
I'm independent 

Yes, I am independent 
That's right I said it, and be damn sure I meant it 
'Cause a girl like me can have anybody 
So give my love, boy, to my independent funk 
Hey yeah, my independent funk 
It's just an independent funk 
Get with this independent funk 

You're a baby so maybe you just needed a babysitter 
Bitter? I figure I'm rid of a piece of litter 
Tiger, tigger, I bounce back, and you're a quitter 
Your girl is gone for good so just forget her 
You're blind, you'll never find another better 
Your mind stays on a behind in a tight sweater 
Burned your flowers and your love letters 
Never a tear will I shed 
I'm independent 

Yes, I am independent 
I make my own money so don't tell me how to spend it 
'Cause you need me, and I don't need you 
So listen close, boy, to my independent funk 
Yeah