Do you know where we are?
I'm longing for the dark 
Of our nocturnal life
It begins and ends with you
Don't spill my secret

You were once running wild hiding in the morning mist
Game in bonds - I make you mine
I thought that I could resist
But the leopard in you, silently, preyed on me

I made my way back home (did you follow her)
I handled her with care (quiet and controlled)
So elegant and sleek (when I'm not afraid)
I need her to be near (does she belong to you?)
Don't spill my secret

You were once running wild hiding in the morning mist
Game in bonds - I make you mine
I thought that I could resist
But the leopard in you, silently, preyed on me

Deserted by my friends (don't they understand?)
She so much more than them (how could they compare?)
So now she's just for me (no one else can say)
I watch her while she sleeps? (for sure she naps on you)?
Don't spill my secret

(It's been quite a while)
(Since we were last outside can't lie I'll miss the chance)
(Now that we both partake can silence kill the cat?)
(Prisoners of our thoughts? the smell will throw us out?)
(Don't spill my secret)

"Today a man was taken from his apartment 
On the New Jersey shore and arrested
Under suspicion of entrapment of a wild animal. 
Police, after forced entry, 
Discovered a caged leopard in the building! 
The fully grown feline was said
To be surprisingly domesticated? 
Before preparing her for relocation. 
A large crowd is gathered outside 
To watch the beautiful creature as a giant
Cage was lowered slowly onto the street by a crane. 
From here, the leopard 
Was transferred into the back of a truck 
For the journey ahead. A thoughtful
Onlooker said it's extraordinary to think 
That any human being could have
Lived so?silently? with such a dangerous animal. 
Police are saying the captive has simply befriended? 
The creature and barely left her side. 
It's alleged that he hunted her in the wild 
And expertly forged documents to facilitate 
Her illegal export to the United States of America. 
The incident has already created much controversy 
And is now likely to lead to a major international investigation 
Into the life of the man who stole a leopard."
