Lookin' back over my years
I guessed, I've shed some tears
Told myself time and time again
This time I'm gonna win

But another fight, things ain't right
I'm losin' again
Takes a fool to lose twice
And start all over again

Think I'd better let it go
Looks like another love T.K.O. (oh, oh, oh,)
Think I'd better let it go (what you think about it, girl), let it go, baby (oh, yeah)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (mm, mmm, mmm)

Tried to take control of the love
Love took control of me
'Cause you lose all thoughts, sense of time
And have a change of mind

Takin' the bumps and the bruises
Of all the things of a two-time loser
Tryin' to hold on, faith is gone
It's just another sad song

I think I'd better let it go (what you say about it?)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (oh, oh, ho, whoa, yes)
I think I'd better let it go, let it go, baby (oh, baby)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (mm, hmm, oh, ho, oh)

Oh, ho, whoa, ho
Ooh, hoo
Oh, ho, oh
Ooh, ooh
Mmm, mmm

Tried to take control of the love
Love took control of me
Cause you lose all thoughts, sense of time
And have a change of mind

Takin' the bumps and the bruises
Of all the things of a two-time loser
See I try to hold on, my faith is gone
It's just another sad song

And I think I'd better let it go (let it go, let it go)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (I think I'd better)
Think I'd better let it go, let it go, baby (if I know what's good for you, girl)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (I couldn't stand this pain much longer)

Think I'd better let it go, let it go, baby (Whoa, oh, yeah)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (Ooh, ooh, baby)
(Oh, sometimes, sometimes I just feel like I wanna say)
(I wanna say, mmm, mmm, )

'Cause it looks like another love T.K.O.
(Tired of gettin' beat up by love)
Think I'd better let it go, let it go, baby (before it's too late, yeah)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (hey, ey, oh, yeah) (mm, hmm, mmm, hmm, mmm, hmm, mmm, hmm)

Think I'd better let it go (Yeah)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (hey, yeah, whoa, I think I'd better)
Think I'd better let it go (let it go), let it go, baby (oh, yeah)
Looks like another (yeah) love T.K.O.
(Oh, they say love is better the second time around)

Think I'd better let it go (I can't stand on my feet)
Looks like another love T.K.O. (I'm falling down, no, 'cause, 'cause, 'cause)
I think I'd better let it go (let it go, baby)