[GA]
Comin' from the playground.
Take it straight back to the bricks.
Yo, Chris, tell 'em where it is.

[Chris]
Chillin'; cooler den a squeak; kickin' dirt on my sneakers.
Suckers on the corner lookin' down at their beepers.
They couldn't get a job or a nice home,
So they want to stay and wait for the pay-phone.
Take JoJo, he's the youngest;
Girls jock him 'cause he's reverse dressed.
Strollin' through the neighborhood;
Sweatin' their brother; tryin' to see why he's doin' good.
Rollin' through the park; tryin' to make another hit.
Little do they know that soldiers' legit.
I'm not sayin' this to put nobody down;
This is what I see at the playground; ya know!

[GA]
Aw yeah! Another A-B-C smash... gonna make ya mad!
Uh, come on, come on everybody,
And guess who's up next... kick it!

[Dave]
L-I-L-D-A-V-E; four feet shorty of the crew.
Just let me get on the mic and show you what I can do.
When I'm all alone... cold rockin' on the microphone.
At home... playin' under the phone.
At dis time little home.

Kick it, D.  Kick it, D.  Kick it.
Pump it, D.  Pump it, D.  Pump it.
Swing it, D.  Swing it, D.  Swing it.

[GA]
I swing my beats at the playground; ya know!
(Everybody!)
Come on, y'all!  Good assualt is in effect.
Put your hands in the air.
Put your hands in the air.
I don't want to see nobody sittin' in their chair.

True dat!  True dat!  Yo, Ro, you are next!

[Ro]
Well, I'm RoRo, comin' in third.
Now its about that time that I get heard,
And none of my rhymes will never ever be swerved.
Word to her; play tricks on your nerves.
Everywhere I serve is real superb,
And I'll be right back with part two of this funky rhyme, G.
Haha, yeah, boy!

[Ro] 
"Yo Red, I don't want to flow no more, man."
Y'all go ahead; I'm just gonna sit back and listen to this ghetto swing,
'Cause this is what I do at the playground; ya know what I'm sayin'?
Aw yeah, A-B-C's gonna sing! Added to this missle...
Fusion hip hop with a little ghetto swing.
Yo Red, kick the ballistics, G.
It's the R to the E to the D, and what you get is what you seein'.
Straight up, B-boy, word to Miss.
Kickin' and flippin' the rhymes for the kids, man, for the kids.
Chillin' in the park, nice and smooth;
JoJo Mark tried to bust my groove.
Ah, I hate that.
Had a big fanny; not like Annie.
Gave her the twenty-four letter and some candy... ah, ah.
Ay, yo, Red where'd you meet her?
At the playground!  Ya know!
Ok... I guess you know by now.
Big smash moves.
Pants inside out.

[Mark]
Into the Mizzark, chillin' in the pizzark.
I got a break, 'cause my mother said be home by dizzark.
But before I go I'm gonna flow for you in time, see.
So listen to the rhyme, G.
The East Coast Family, Boyz To Men, ABC, BBD;
Now flip the tracks, D.
My mother is mad, and my brother is Red.
Mario Brothers... bed.
Last but not least, I want to say peace, and we outta here.
From the playground... ya know!